review_id	business_id	user_id	stars	text	review_date	cool	funny	useful
2-cN2nbZirStqaUFEYsxoQ	4GQhbPvGU5r23YdVm8EmkQ	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	4	Every year, the Mrs.'s business partners take the finance team and spouses (i.e. ME!) out to dinner. This year it was Ferraro's. We began with drinks that were not watered down. My Jack & Coke was mostly Jack with a splash of Coke. My wife's Snickerdoodle (pinky drink) tasted like the real thing. It should've been a dessert drink. -  - The bread basket was warm and we began with an appitizer sampler: 1) lobster ravioli with asparagus was my favorite thing I ate here. Luckily, the Mrs. doesn't eat seafood so I got hers, too. 2) Mushroom risoto was cooked al dente. Very good. 3) Sausage had spice. Very good. Then I got the scallop appetizer. It was perfectly seared and seasoned. I could've ended the meal there, but my main dish was brought out: Osso Bucco (The house specialty) $43. -  - I was a bit disappointed here. The meat was fall off the bone tender and beefy. It was the tomato based sauce that just didn't seem to go well with the meat. I like my braised meats with garlic & rosemary, so I ate the rosemary garnish with it. I did eat the bone marrow on the bread. That was extremely rich. The barley side was kinda bland, but a plenty. I tried my wife's filet. It was kinda tough and dry. Nothing special. -  - The tiramisu was perfection, but it was way too small. I make mine from scratch, so I'm used to giving myself bigger slices. This was about half the size of a deck of cards. I recently read that the owner comes in everyday and personally makes the Tiramisu though.  -  - Limoncello was STRONG. I could only take a few sips and gave it to others who could handle it. -  - Overall, I did enjoy it because it was FREE!	2011-12-21	0	0	0
Qoev6efj6XBzQ4lyRu9ytA	GwSdGrvaXi4BdXNSWKn-EA	zPfZdsTf1VmMxpirft8zVQ	5	Recently moved to VA and this store is at the top of my Top 5 Things I Miss from Arizona list. Have not found another place that does what you guys do! I owe thanks to you for my son's entire board-book library!  -  - CHANGING HANDS RULES	2014-03-08	0	1	0
7Z755hz84r7hxNF6-7acSQ	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	3	Okay, before my boyfriend and I went to KoMex, I was really excited and we really wanted to give this place a 5 star.  After trying this place out myself to see what the hype was all about, after all it's only like the most highly rated place on Yelp. -  - We ordered 2 beef (bulgogi) tacos, 2 pork belly tacos, 2 chicken tacos, and shared KimChi fried rice with bulgogi.  The beef tacos were good, but honestly carne asada tacos from like Pepe's are much better and the same cost.  Ranking it as bulgogi, is rather unsatisfying as well since it lacked well marinated flavors that I usually taste with bulgogi.  The pork belly tacos were the most delicious tacos that we had, it was slightly spicy but not over bearing, I have absolutely no complaints.  At the same time, they were not delicious enough for me to merit higher ratings.  The chicken tacos were tasteless, DON'T ORDER.  The KimChi fried rice with bulgogi was served with a fried egg on top, the presentation was great!  The rice itself was alright at best, the kimchi part, was not spicy, it just tasted like it lacked something.  Kimchi that I buy generically in the asian grocery store has more kick.  So we did add quite a bit of garlic chili to it to make me taste better.  I'm not really too sure if they subdued the taste down to white people spicy to make it more palatable since I saw on the menu that they were trying to franchise.  My advice is just stay true to the recipes. -  - The service is excellent, I'm pretty sure it was family run.  They were super nice and attentive, and if I could rate it based on service alone then I would give them a four star review. -  - The ambiance, is really shatty.  I would not be caught dead in that area after the sunsets.  The interior of the restaurant looks like it needs a face lift, and some deep cleaning.   -  - Overall, it was alright at best.  I would probably never come back, or go out of my way to eat there though.  So unless you are already in the vicinity don't bother driving out of your way.	2013-06-29	1	1	1
zxrZSOUVtiLiXV3N0WWXlA	1vFDFWDrlVSDEcuLTUD3oQ	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	I love the Premium Outlets! So many awesome stores and lots of deals to be found. Plus, it's not that far from home for me and I enjoy going to different places to shop. My favourite store there is the Nike Factory store and I've bought 2 pairs of shoes there so far! -  - Every place I've been in there, the staff has been friendly and very helpful. Not your snob store mentality at all!	2014-05-24	2	0	0
gR-Q00Kpuint83euafV53Q	XgVyl3T3Zn_k7SljAJ1d0Q	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	Normal Dollar Tree but I have to agree with the other reviewer that said it has a funny smell to it. They always seem to have fun seasonal items and it's easy to decorate an office desk for cheap here. I have never bought the food items so I can't speak for those things but on the whole you'll almost always find something to buy here - whether you intended to or not. -  - Overall: B - Smaller than some Dollar Tree locations, but still easy to find things!	2013-10-21	1	1	1
q4ooGcv3xuQPGCjJ7LKhZw	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	5	I have been here a few more times since my last review and it's still the same great quality every time I go!  It's been remodeled so the place is nice and new. -  - We came around lunch time on a Thursday and we were seated right away.  The waitress and staff were SO friendly, definitely the best service that I received on my trip. -  - We ordered their famous watermelon lemonade and peach lemonade and both were GREAT!  The watermelon one is a little better though.  They do pour you distilled water and they leave the carafe at your table so you can refill your water if you need to.  But they charge for it tough...it was only a $1.00 if I remember correctly so it's not a big deal. -  - We ordered the guacamole, tortilla soup, green tamales, and an order of their steak enchiladas.  Everything was FANTASTIC!  The food is so flavorful and they use fresh and exotic ingredients.  Also the waitress knew that we were splitting everything so she had everything split into two dishes...a really nice touch. -  - The bill wasn't cheap though.  I think we spent around $85.00 including tip but it was well worth it.  I love you Border Grill!!!	2010-11-01	1	1	1
nlPueATg47bKL8i5y-YpZw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	EwuY1PA3d_CwXyfHkwowTg	5	As soon as we were seated our server came over and was among the friendliest servers we've ever encountered. He was instantly like an old friend. The waiter explained that the house tequilas were all 100% blue agave, so I ordered a house margarita. I will say hands down that it was the best margarita I've ever had (and I have had a lot of them!!) We were served jalapeno cornbread that my husband really loved but I found too crumbly.  -  - We ordered the crispy squid appetizer and it definitely lived up to the description. The dish was simply calamari, but they aren't joking that it is crispy. I was just slightly disappointed that the menu wasn't the same as the menu posted outside the restaurant. I was really looking forward to that roasted corn soup they advertised! -  - For our main entrees we both had trouble deciding so we asked our server for guidance and he was very helpful. I had the green chile cioppino and the husband had the pork loin. The green chile cioppino was heavenly and I was so sad I didn't get more broth! I wanted to lick the bowl clean. I wish the cioppino was served with rice instead of a chunk of unsavory cornbread in the bowl, but other than that I was very happy with this dish. I was not a fan of the pork loin because it was crusted with something that tasted very strong and spicy and I didn't get any pork flavor. However, my husband looked like he was in a state of bliss so I let him eat as much as he wanted. We were very tipsy at this point so we decided to skip dessert and hit the tables.  -  - I would highly recommend this place to anyone but its probably best if you like bold and spicy flavors. We had others who were on dates around us but also many large groups of friends and right next to us there was a big group of drunk, rowdy businessmen. This place is loud and open so its not a good place for people who desire a quiet, intimate atmosphere. -  - The servers here really know how to deliver service. When I stood up to use the restroom I asked a server where it was. He walked me halfway to the front so I could see it before he pointed it out to me. In addition, if you walk by any servers they immediately give you a wide berth as though you are some sort of royalty. I also like it when I leave the table and return to find that the server has folded my napkin. To me, that's the mark of truly excellent table service.	2010-01-15	0	0	1
mYG4yDGxmaiRLOvNhCKrzA	BkRQSTwBkXT6b1bqQ0gOFQ	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	3	I was in the neighborhood a couple of weeks ago and got a manicure and pedicure. They have a weak magazine selection, charge extra for callous removal (really?) and my technician tried to upsell me 3 times to a $50 package. I am not likely to go back.	2010-07-04	0	0	3
bxeUvk5zxBc3wKvhmGPB8w	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	OOLEEaWVDBGqcuHRsVWinA	2	The place was clean, smelled good and they used fresh ingredients, those are the positive things I found about this place. I just wasn't a fan of these "Japanese" style crepes because of the thickness and heavy use of vanilla. I was expecting a variety of crepes and all they had were sweet which made the wife happy..at first. We are both very much into the traditional French Crepe which are much thinner and more egg based compared to the ones served at the Crepe Shack. The presentation as a cone was interesting and I had an issue with eating the crepe with plastic utensils. The lack of variety, savory and breakfast offerings, and the style of crepe, was the overall knock on this place.	2011-06-26	0	0	1
VWEG6F_n2V_5AYiq0ui-wg	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	OOLEEaWVDBGqcuHRsVWinA	2	I really wanted to like this place after all of these great reviews and the look of the menu but Rise and Shine fell short of my expectations. I have to say that the atmosphere was nice and we were seated very quickly. The waitress took our drink orders immediately and the service started off great. I was vey excited that they served Illy coffee being a huge coffee fanatic but they ruined a terrific bean and rather expensive one by burning it. This is by far the worst cup of Illy i've ever had.  - The menu look fantastic and my wife ordered the croissant French toast with blue berries and I had the chicken fried steak. The French toast was nothing like advertised and actually should of been called bread pudding since the consistency was equivalent. The mound of fresh blueberries on top was a nice touch. The wife was not to thrilled about the dish probably because mentally she was prepared for something else, I thought it was just okay. My country fried steak was disappointing , extremely chewy with bits of tendons everywhere, the gravy was good and the hash browns was the best part of the dish. Dont be fooled about the picture of the pot of bread, although it appears fancy, it had no taste and was cold. I will give this place another shot someday but not anytime soon.	2011-06-26	0	0	1
jzxWz0XtzYsDhOu0cN8aog	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	xioWPmtVDRYnKSDUnGS_fA	4	$5.99 steak and eggs for breakfast with potatoes and toast.  Steak and eggs were cooked as ordered.  Great meal for the money.	2014-07-14	0	0	0
oaxaQSl4DMxy1W9hCAkd0Q	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	rpjYF15MOjqtKCxDwkdzFQ	2	Ate here late at night, food was simply not good, meat was dried out and there wasn't much of a variety. You can find much better buffets for only a few dollars more.	2012-04-18	0	0	0
M_vXM0PrB3QFbVPD9edAPw	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	5mUANHWjIoV191xp_4ljyA	4	The food was very authentic and its good to see real Japanese people working there. I couldn't understand the heavy accent of the waiter but was able to place my order. The sake was very good and the food is excellent. I would recommend coming here. This was my second time and I took my girlfriend here who want to eat Japanese food. 4 STARS.	2014-02-18	0	0	0
Bs75vAJ1yCaoWTA2lwMh9g	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	3	Pretty good but can't say I was amazed. The toppings are good and the icecream is good but it's nothing I can't make at home. Idk, I don't see myself craving this ever and I was raised on crepes.	2013-07-29	0	0	0
7YuR50h9CNQgVEBE2vulBA	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	zS_iFe4xQOODPfAXjw-leA	1	Went here for years but after they expanded seems like they lost the customer service. - My husband and I were ignored, waiting out for with a dozen other people waiting to be called. Then was talked to rudely when we asked when we were Nwxt. They said they sat 3 people before us that we did answer...because we were outside. The was no standing room inside. Waited inside to make sure they weren't going to sit someone else  and was basically told we were in the way. Took a friend and son with us..we called as we walked out.  -  - BAd CUSTOMER SERVICE. WOULDN'T WASTE MY TIME THERE AGAIN - GO TO DOWN SOUTH INSTEAD!	2013-12-02	0	0	0
b394HR9qWie12a9KMSOFvA	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	4	Lost my pho-kim virginity about a month ago, it was awesome. I had never eaten pho but was told this place had the best around. I see these little restaurants everywhere around town, one day I will try another place and compare.  -  - The soup is pretty delicious, I love all of the extras they give you so that you can flavor it to your liking. The restaurant itself is very clean and always busy. The staff is nice but can be slow and unfriendly which is why they lose a star.  -  - If you've never had pho, this is a good place to start and find out exactly what you like in your bowl!	2011-10-31	0	0	0
O8Ktl_ZRYix5Gc4u6yrVjA	reU2VaO-QvNAyCZEyxHMBw	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	Wow. I usually go to salons, and that's where I take the kids. But this time, we went in a big group, 5 (walk-in) cuts in total, ages 17,13,13,13, and 8. Total price 66.00 plus tip. Holy good haircuts, Batman! I was really blown away by the level of skill that this place had to offer. Aren't these cheap places kinda crappy? My perspective has changed. We walked in and walked out in about an hour. Craziness. -  - I will have to come back and add names of the stylists. For now, there's pink hair and piercings girl- super smiley, very friendly, and she did a great job on the 2 13 year old girls. Then, there was the other lady. Wish I knew her name.. I think it started with an H. She was also very nice, and very good. The 17 year old LOVED her hair. She's been raving about it for 2 days now. She also cut the 13 year old boy's hair. It was exactly what his Dad wanted him to get. It looked perfect! And then, my boy. A man cut his hair. He was not very friendly. I felt like I was an imposition. But he gets 5 stars anyways, because I honestly have never seen such a GREAT cut on my Son. His Dad wanted him to cut off his long hair and I was really disappointed. His hair is blonde, so when it's short, it looks almost see-through. This guy did an amazzzzzing job and I could not be happier.  -  - All in all, I'm highly satisfied! Definitely the new family spot.	2013-07-19	0	0	0
XPnbOoksqnhqdh4k07ad7g	aBHf1s6Epi3k4pXKIGd0dg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I like this place a lot.  They had a few items here for very reasonable prices that were actually pretty cute.  I found shower curtains here for $10 that were extremely adorable, would have been $30 at another store for the same item.  I found window treatments for my kitchen that I couldn't find anywhere else for the same reasonable price. -  - The staff was nice and friendly too.  They have a very wide selection of items.  I'd recommend this place to others to take a peek at for sure.	2014-06-28	0	0	0
tbRVqoea0EwNK37Ryp2NYA	O7-O54xA54g_tyP3A9pXZQ	WTbKjTqavtyMhcCjkr5AXw	5	I hadn't been to the Dr in a very long time. I needed a check up to make sure I was still healthy. It was one of the easiest experiences I have ever had visiting a Dr. Everyone was very friendly, they got me in and out in no time billed my insurance and it was painless. I'm so happy to have found a good Dr in the area. I would recommend him to anyone. I couldn't be happier	2014-06-27	0	0	0
Bp0OHS5TZNZixowiKm_aDg	NdWepl0uhdzWDLANul0Uqg	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	The is the mecca for inexpensive, cute and trendy clothing. I could literally spend 3 hours browsing...forget the time it would take to try on all the stuff I found (ladies...I wouldn't recommend bringing your hubby or boyfriend).  -  - If you love trendy clothing but don't like paying a bloody fortune for it....Forever 21 is the answer. It isn't the highest quality of clothing in the world but it lasts for the season...and for the price...you can't beat it. The staff is super friendly and try to help you find what your looking for (again...if you smile, are polite and don't treat them like they are beneath you...they will bend over backwards to help you).  When my kids are with their dad....you will always find me browsing here.	2011-02-03	0	0	0
-DFINtPy1qP_b1j2MEDTmg	8mcXktLkaY1pcEMhFuSo2w	foKuHkBpfPVi4K84OxLBUg	2	Love the brand, dislike this location. The employees act like they work at Saks Fifth Ave with their uppity attitudes. Hey guys, you're all making minimum wage and selling clothing so let's get some customer service training! I suppose I didn't have enough Louis Vuitton on that day. No matter, I'll use my loaded gift card on several items on the website. The store associates referred me there when I asked about different size availability and didn't offer to call other locations or order what I wanted from the store. Lazy bratty kids	2013-03-13	0	0	3
U9UgUSXX1OTX4XnaedpB9w	CfIPNXy_FcIAgbka7ja0qg	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Definitely the largest, cleanest and most well stocked Ross that I have been to in the Phoenix area thus far.  I was actually pretty surprised when I walked in and saw the layout and how vast it was and all that was in there, without feeling like things were stacked up on top of each other - like at some other Ross locations.  I found a few more tea-light candles in the colors we are using for our wedding and the prices couldn't be beat even on some of the major websites. -  - I took a quick look through the shoe section and the holiday seasonal items and everything was really nicely organized - which is saying something when we are talking about shoe sections at a Ross.   -  - Overall: A - Unless I find a Ross that is a touch closer to our house that is the same as this one, I declare this Ross the winner in the Northeast Phoenix area.	2013-10-23	0	0	0
cEZudvpCHWbL7v01bGNvGg	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	SwQnQjs_THA7Rms-5Nd3Ag	4	We had never heard of B&B but we were invited to "brunch" with some friends so we made the trek from Summerlin to Anthem and on the way we read some reviews on Yelp to get an idea of what we were in for. This is a great casual place for brunch on the weekend. They don't have a lot of seats and the tables are fairly close to each other but that didn't bother us but it clearly bothered the couple near us since our friends had a baby stroller with them that must have been invading their personal space. When you come in you place your order and then they bring it out to you. Our cappuccino came out almost immediately and the food wasn't too far behind. I am intrigued by the "gourmet" root beer bar they had but I wasn't in the mood for a soda at the time. I will check it out next time.  -  - From reading the reviews we figured we needed to try the Waffle Sandwich and the PB&J Brioche so we ordered those as well as one of the bagel sandwiches and a cappuccino and coffee. The Waffle Sandwich delivered on everything I would expect from something like this. The waffles were delicious and the bechamel was think (almost gravy like) and the waffle didn't get soggy under it. The PB&J Brioche wasn't that amazing, the "J" in the middle was good but I didn't get any "PB" flavor in the item. The Bagel Sandwich was very good though I think they used the wrong bagel since we ordered Jalapeno/Cheddar and the bagel we got didn't have any of those flavors.  -  - Overall we would come back again and we definitely want to try some of the lunch items, they looked great coming out of the kitchen!	2012-01-14	0	0	0
gaKWUTU-1hu_RO6q2r4P6g	sGXtpt1bkeZgjBeCbegZXA	tLUxonIuH93f-LSjvxsAFA	5	Huge store and tins if parking. Was very neat and the girls are smiley and friendly. Not over crowded with customers or noisy. I like my shoe therapy to be peaceful.	2014-04-24	0	0	0
WKmYvoMOlVE2fqZYGttNOA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	pRMY4p9ugveNeqTD4qcI8g	5	I love this place. The food is 4 stars but the view of the bellagio fountains are 5 stars. I ordered the trout with string beans and my boyfriend had the sea bass special with mash potatoes and mushrooms. The food came out so fast it's almost questionable how they made the food so fast. But I have no complaints, the fish was cooked wonderfully moist and flavorful. With 2 drinks and 2 entrees the bill came out to $60. The price is pretty reasonable when you consider the breath taking view. I ate my food slowly and got to enjoy the fountain show at least 5 more times.	2010-10-25	0	0	0
3a7weVhQReXGeWQ90MewUg	mErsY2ye5aW8_Z2eIrfNCA	_IjKfYOYG9CSiPY9UbudcA	1	Walked in because I needed a new sim card to a full store not packed just full, the lady behind the counter asked what I needed and I told her I just came for a replacement SIM card, should only take a minute. Instead she puts my name on a list and goes back to having a conversation with her coworkers about what she did last night. Seriously? Excuse me I'm waiting for service, so I ask how long and she simply says we will get to you when we can. The conversation goes on for at least 20 minute until finally another rep pops out of the back chewing food asking what I need. WORST customer service I have ever experienced, I try to avoid coming here at all cost but sometimes it's inevitable. 1 star rating is way to much for this tmobile location, you work in the service industry, do your job!	2014-02-19	0	0	2
l6gxJugBtJAv-WNLY78Rmw	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	5	New to the area and stumbled across this place for dinner one night. And I'm so glad I did!!!!! It was a Wednesday and they were offering 12.95 whole Lobster, what a great deal! Can't wait to back tonight and enjoy a wonderful affordable lobster dinner. Great beer selection too.	2013-09-04	0	0	0
I1U_ELSBmZfuW4Z8XK52vw	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	KHdL4qXibF-Sp0lqGCaQ9A	5	The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to. The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.  The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.  The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.  The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table.  -  - The food was wonderful! Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.  My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.  The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great. They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand. The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up.  -  - The sides were great. I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade. Not runny and not too dry. The cheese flavor was not too strong either.  -  -  I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!	2011-03-31	2	1	3
y8X7m4q-8ZqoHil5yce__w	2w_d4H-DX104D_Va3UqE1A	oIKzfRJKouHWlmwOpBGPBQ	1	I bought a tempurpedic cloud from the Tempe Marketplace location in AZ.  Floor model mattress with a new base.  It was delivered today with a filthy torn base.  This bed was purchase over the weekend for a Monday delivery - 2 days.  They are telling me I will get a new base next Wed - NEXT WED.  Worst customer service ever.  Judy was the one who I called with the problem and not my sales person.  She is rude and yelled at me even though I am the customer that was delivered a filthy bed and told me she did what she can and to call her region Jim Rogers but yet she gives me a number that goes to corporate and not his direct line.  Supposedly she can't give that out.  Apparently, they have major problems if that's the case.  I would definteily not buy anything from this place.  I am leaving the bed outside on my patio so they can pick it up when it works for them.   -  - STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!	2012-04-23	0	0	1
8lxNaMDxhgD-T8QKYJyuAQ	hvnNXEPHglWqRjFRtTMi9w	ZtIMT4Fns15h92OQiwRdCQ	5	Dr. Mary Deka is an amazing gynecologist! She makes you feel comfortable and at ease. I always look forward to seeing her. I am sure that sounds strange when one is talking about their gyno. :-)  -  - The office is extremely clean, welcoming and modern. The staff at PV OBGYN are amazing as well! Dr. Deka's nurse, Grey, is wonderful.   -  - If you need an annual, or are looking for an amazing DR to deliver your baby, Dr. Deka is your girl! I would sincerely recommend her to anyone!	2012-02-01	1	1	3
OC7PwYMiq0yyF0OYr53u0w	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	4	this place is unreal. - the outdoor patio viewing of the bellagio fountains across the street was awesome.  - I had the prime-rib dinner, which was superb. best prime rib i ever had, and i have eaten at H.OUSE OF PRIME RIB before. service was amazing and the wine menu was very diverse.	2011-10-11	0	0	0
T18Lfou2Ox936oRNosDmFw	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	CUUpi7gtqx1zojEGJ6Z5ew	4	Ultimately I guess a buffet is a buffet... but this one definitely lives up to its name.  The theme here is that the food is from around the world 'World Buffet"... get it... :-) -  - The variety is definitely top notch.  We went on Saturday so it was 'brunch' and they had TONS of great stuff.  One thing though that I personally wish ALL buffets would give up on and that is Sushi... me loves me some sushi.. BUT I will NOT eat that stiff sitting out.  I'm sorry but no... just not gonna happen. -  - On the quality side I would rate them above average compared to some of the buffets in Vegas.  I ordered an omelet at the station and it was flippin delicious. -  - Downsides to this buffet: It's at the Rio which is off the strip.  There is a shuttle that runs pretty regularly though so look that up and save the cab fare.  Also the line to get it can be a little ridiculous.  You pay a machine to get in and you know how retarded people can be when it comes to working machines. -  - Other than that though I definitely recommend checking it out when you are in Vegas and looking for a goods buffet!	2010-04-08	2	0	2
0xDw42gEvnMUEieET7-Hng	J4qLz0nGzCTMf6-kf_SiQg	P6i1aQ5h34UZAiaKp-1fSQ	4	Yeah, got the Woody Allen. Took 2 people 3 days and 500 miles later to finish it (Yeah, took it past security and back to SF) LOL. Became a vegetarian afterward for a month.  -  - The only downside is the price, obviously. It was expensive, and it was cold cut meat pretty much, so pretty raw, add your own sauce kind of thing. And yeah, they charge you a couple more extra bucks to share?! I don't understand the logic behind it.  -  - But, the BIGGEST sandwich I've ever had in my life! I went and tried it just to say that I did. My favorite portion is the beef tongue Yumm. And the pastrami was good, also. I was pretty happy, though it does get kind of tiresome after a while, hence I was so tired of meat afterward. They had a lot of great options on their menu also, so something here for everyone! I like their diner style booths and their pies look amazing. It does feel more like a fast food restaurant than anything, so don't expect anything spectacular. Service was rushed, also, and pretty nonexistent.  -  - But this review is for the sandwiches only. I would come back here for hot sandwich, but not the Woody Allen anymore. Just once in my life is enough. Is this place worth the price otherwise, though? Probably not. You're in Vegas, there's a thousand other better food places you can eat for the same price.	2013-02-14	1	2	1
op9rxvz_FAFAd-wbWmpa2A	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Ate here for breakfast before heading to Zion. Breakfast is $17/person. For the price, I think there is a good selection of breakfast items... and everything I had tasted good. The service here was very good and the waiter brought the orange juice and coffee before we even asked while we were getting our food. They have salmon for breakfast... and even steak! There are a variety of breakfast crepes, pancakes, waffles, has browns, bacon... all the typical breakfast items. There is a selection of pastries and doughnuts at the desserts area. I had some and they were very good and I wanted to try more but I was stuffed. There is also an omelet station and you can get eggs that are not scrambled there as well.  -  - I would come back here for food again... but it is far from the main areas of the strip. The view while eating is beautiful though... overlooking the pool and waterfall.	2013-11-15	0	0	1
6esfuym9qxUtLjlCk-NuRg	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	1bV0I0j-YzDcfiXK2M-U8A	4	I tried this place with a friend while out to lunch today. The menu had many innovative dishes, they have taken your typical Mexican dish and spruced it up a bit. My friend ordered an enchilada plate that she raved about and I ordered a chicken taco and a cucumber and orange salad. I had never thought to combine those two but it was very refreshing. I will be going back.	2013-10-18	0	0	0
QUz-0b0ePVIWsUurzzlM5A	8qL697NwICTc_ac0-26Ycw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	This mall has a good mix of main stream middle priced stores and higher priced brand name stores. It has two floors that run throughout the mall and a fair amount of kiosks as well.  If you get hungry the food court has about 15 different choices (Chipotle, Subway, Sabaro, Panda Express etc.).   -  - In the hot summers, this is a great indoor mall to choose to spend your time in and enjoy the A/C as well! -  - Overall: A - Decent mix of shops, good variety in food court, indoors if you are trying to avoid the elements!	2014-01-07	0	0	0
Zhr_UVsupZ5uNa3UuzWQgQ	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	This is a great find the Aria hotel.  With all the other restaurants being so expensive it makes this one seem cheap :o)  The boyfriend and I came here on a Tuesday night after seeing the Viva Elvis show and we were seated right away.  This place is not big at all so the seats are kind of close to each other but it was no big deal. -  - The best value of this this place is the soup.  For $8.00 you get a big soup that is big enough for two.  We got an order of the yellow curry and the pineapple fried rice and shared it.  Including the soup this was definitely enough for two people. -  - They were a little slow getting the soup out but after that the rest of the food came out in a timely manner.  Our service was great and the waiter apologized for the soup coming out slow.  I would like to come here again and try some more of their dishes in the future!	2010-03-08	0	0	0
05xm7RtJvkFKi7eAUU_AMQ	rBCX6nU2ub6v8ErfzXyjtg	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	3	Looking for that ultra ultra ultra high end gift? This is the place to get it at. Every store has a designer name like Mikimoto, Louis Vutton, and some I never even heard of. Very chic. The mall maps are presented by large computer touchscreens that make iPhones and Android devices look pathetic. The architecture is interesting although the mall doesn't flow on the second level due to the way the architecture crosses the walkway. Essentially, making you go all the way around to get to the other side. -  - One of many cool things is the whirlpool columns. They twist and turn, rise and fall to different colors and heights. It's pretty mesmerizing. Less, interactive is the ice column reflecting pool. They also had a Tesla exhibit. Being able to get right up close to one of these roadsters was very cool. -  - The tram station is located at the top, so keep taking those escalators until you can't take any more. You can take it to the Bellagio/Vdara and back to the Aria. -  - Currently, the mall is slightly empty. Not much of a surprise in a down economy for a mall with super high end retailers. Since the majority of it's visitors may not be able to actually purchase anything from here, it comes off as just an interesting place to visit.	2010-08-11	0	0	0
unrkLTItCfaPMIiBtENdaw	5tsqcZEvZYTpqux7_IGHVw	l0dST7wki3yOpzBf739o-g	2	I've been going to Polished for a while(well over a year now).  Other than Mike knowing how I like my nails, everything else is very poor.  It's always something.  It seems I always have to rearranged my schedule but I do it to get an appt, even with an appt I have to wait 10-15 minutes AT LEAST.  The ONE AND ONLY time I was running late, I called to let them know I was running 10 minutes behind because of traffic.  The girl on the phone said it was ok.  I got there 5 minutes late and when I checked in some guy says to me (not even looking at me) "yes, you called but that doesn't mean we can make magic."  I couldn't even say anything because I had NEVER experienced such poor customer service, I was stunned!.  After arguing with him for 10 minutes explaining to him that I always have to wait 10-15 minutes, why couldn't the next person do the same?  The owner (looked like his dad) finally came out and tried to put me with someone else because I was now almost 20 minutes late.  I wanted to SCREAM because it was time wasted arguing with his mini-me.  I didn't want a different technician because I've sat with other technicians and I was never happy with their work.  They said that the next one would be free - IT WASN'T!  I told him I wasn't looking for a freebie always PAY FOR SERVICE and it wasn't about that at all, but it's the fact that they lie just to get you back in.  This was just the last issue I had with them, I'm not even going into the others for lack of time.  Anyhow, I didn't get my nails done for a while, so for a full set I decided to go back to Mike, made an appt, waited 5 minutes (no biggie) but this time his work was not the same.  Maybe he was just having an OFF day (we all do) but after this, I'm done.  They seem to be doing well and good for them but I require excellent customer service and they just don't live up to my standards anymore; and I think I gave them more than enough chances.  If you feel they're great...just give it time, they will disappoint you as well - eventually.	2013-07-30	2	0	3
Oy9f25ljBGVbJnRHrK_edQ	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	4	Mesa Grill is a Bobby Flay owned restaurant- cool! The restaurant seems big, but I didn't get a good look around. We sat in a corner booth, which allowed for privacy.  -  - The waitress brought out a breadbasket, which had a variety of bread. We also got two free appetizers, because they sent it to the wrong table. Luck was on our side. -  - I went with the signature dish for my entree- New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. I never had pork that tasted so good! It was melt in your mouth tender. I also loved the little bit of kick it had to it and the sauces. The dish also came with sweet potato tamale with crushed pecan butter. Both spicy and sweet represented on the plate. I liked the tamale but it wasn't on the same level as the pork.  -  - I left with a full stomach and a great impression of Bobby Flay. In the future, I'll seek out his other restaurants.	2014-06-23	1	0	3
Ir9aBo3CtJc5V-ZmyVLSsg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	lFjJhdVumTPtHlAoastCMw	5	Not just huge portions, but very well prepared food with attention to detail -  - Sage fried chicken Benedict ... It's American breakfast done to the extreme. Definitely order one thing, and share with your better half. No human should finish any of their breakfast dishes solo. Hash House a Go Go is the most exciting breakfast place I've ever been to, and will definitely go back the next time I'm in town!	2011-04-22	0	0	0
ardjjZsfAz9npe-i6KVv1w	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	This place just keeps getting better and better. They have updated their menu which now includes red and green chili. I tried the red chili and it was amazing and truly unique. Also, great margaritas! Still one of my favorite places!	2013-01-11	0	0	1
c5nr77zHZNjxrEu5l9pS7g	-2n-OHbbwIv3SY8RP9bgTQ	m5M-7ZueTQ5mAlLhDfay_A	3	It's like every other Maggianos, but it's on the Strip  in the Fashion Show Mall which means it's BEYOND BUSY -  - 1 piece of advice : MAKE A RESERVATION - Unless you'd like to sit at the bar but even then, it might take them forever and a day to get to you. Even though it was busy are service was efficient & fast. -  - Probably won't be coming back to this location since we were in Vegas just for the weekend, plus it was WAY too crowded for my liking. -  - On the plus: complimentary bread, & splitting meals isn't a big deal	2012-07-01	3	2	4
OdVw8jirhU4RRz2MkwrnJg	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	j12mTLp5SqLpGrRy26Pqqw	4	A group of about 15 of us had dinner here before a bachelorette night out. The food was fantastic. We had a selection of five tapas that just kept appearing on our table like something out of a dream. The filet medallions and stuffed dates were my favorites. The service was a bit slow at first but once the first round of food came out it got better. The drinks were a little pricey, but the sangria was good and they had a good Spanish beer as well. I go out to Vegas once a year for business and I will definitely be back.	2012-04-24	0	0	0
BApBm0oSUJ7lVDps9qcSzQ	OiCxoAIoBvEWxf7p1qVVmA	FTmZJKwDbw-er52-fTPrUA	4	Charred octopus salad, Duck Confit....  all good what can say.....  except for the killer bacon bread.  A must to go to.	2010-12-16	0	0	0
_FhCNCVTmUEwdihkVQzLmw	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	jnXfNpfivKqFI82I_bTCpQ	4	Forgot I had drafted a review for this place while I was eating breakfast there. My draft didn't have much info... -  - ----------------- -  - -15.99 per person for breakfast. - -rice and salmon for breakfast! It's like they know asian people don't eat cereal and waffles for breakfast! =D - -homie making my omelette is so serious... - Whoa look at how fast he's going! I need to learn how to cook...oh crap that's a lot of cheddar. I forgot my lactaid... What's your name buddy? Iggie...k if my omelette sucks I'm putting you on blast on yelp... - ...... -  - OMG IGGIE! BEST OMELETTE EVER! NOMNOMNOM... - ----- - I don't remember the specific details as this was a while back but for me to use that many caps it must've been a damn good omelette...	2013-04-10	0	7	1
VPY_Yixe2WUGkjCHEameEA	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	ZfzyGqVCHtCsW_Ui9jitLQ	5	At Fogo de Chao you will get excellent meat, excellent salad options, and even some tasty side dishes if you so desire.  The wait service is prompt and excellent.  It is not every day that one needs to fill up on several pounds of succulent meat, but when you do, Fogo de Chao is the place to go.	2010-05-14	0	1	1
ke7nfAq4eB0hpgHwy9vNjg	rBCX6nU2ub6v8ErfzXyjtg	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	Beautifully designed building with high end shops!  Unless you have a lot of money you will be doing the "tourist walk through" like everyone else.  I hope that they will have enough customers to stay in business.  I personally did not see ONE person with a shopping bag...and that's not a good sign.	2010-03-09	0	0	0
OLxOLAJJXNcrAUBTOyznlA	rBCX6nU2ub6v8ErfzXyjtg	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	1	Vegas is full of people with cameras but I got asked to leave for taking pictures here because I have a "professional-looking camera." Wow - the level of stupidity here is amazing. What's the problem? It's Vegas. People take lots of pictures here. These people wasted a ton of money on a fancy mall and now they are afraid someone will take a picture of it? Add to that the snobby staff and the silly - high prices at vanity stores and you're much better off at any of half a dozen mals in Vegas. This one you can afford to miss - especially if you're a photographer.	2012-05-20	0	2	0
Tcj0r7rz_2l1kIjmKWjTdw	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Since we have been to their Scottsdale location a few times and loved it - we of course had to head to the original! We opted to sit at the bar and enjoyed that they had the patio completely open so we could enjoy the amazing night despite not sitting outside. -  - We made it a point to head out on a Tuesday since it was 2 for $20 appetizer and drinks night.  Of course we went with the staple Dr. Funk for our drink (couldn't pass it up) and I had the coconut shrimp rolls, while he opted for the wings and added on the small fries ($4).  The food was great, the projector on the side of the ceiling was fun, and the ambiance overall was a winner.  -  - The only off thing at this location was the bill.  We got our bill and the bartender ended up having to explain what was done. It looked like they rang up our food and drinks and then rang up the $20 deal, so our total was originally $68 dollars, of which they took $38 off in discounts, which was still off, since with the two app, two drinks and fries it should have been $24+ tax, not the $30 it was after all the odd line items.  We are guessing that something wasn't accounted for in the discounts? It was too confusing to argue over the extra money since we weren't even sure where the mistake was! -  - Overall: A- - As expected the food and drinks were amazing, the staff was friendly and ambiance was great (really cool patio, funky window facing out to a church, projector movie on side of ceiling, etc.).  Only downside was a confusing bill, but sincerely doubt that will prevent us from returning again and again!	2014-02-23	0	0	1
s33h6GiCiDias5iWkMHnKg	BMnG5WBW1UyyjrzTYbF0Tw	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	2	Go for the hands on veiwing experience...but prices are literally inflated by 150-400%. One good thing would have been bluray selection, but this one was lacking there as well.	2012-01-30	0	0	0
UIcyQNskA0xT3TlAk3JukQ	9Bnc9YP0n5cR57xkP6fQmQ	b-weKvO7cEBbUSz5NhHm-g	5	This was a great resturant, great atmosphere great food, it was a great way to finish off a romantic night. People there are really nice and informative.	2014-05-06	0	0	0
wQdQCyhpVYxHa_ZPEVpqOA	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	wmgiWPP0Nn_wP-ZAzNJGXg	5	This place is like a step above cheesecake factory.  Everything I have ordered here has been great.  They have this spagghetti dish, that puts a twist on your traditional spagghetti with meat sauce....i've never had anything like it.  The pot pies are huge and to die for...not like your frozen swansons pies.  And if you want something veggie, the mushroom burger is great.  It can get crowded at times, but its worth the wait.	2007-09-21	0	0	0
BWdy45C6V2CAwGvH7gCdmA	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	ZoPUik9bOCA-AXXqAnXyRQ	4	For $25 for bottomless champagne, buffet brunch in a neat atmosphere, I'm in!  This is definitely the place to go on Sunday AM while in Vegas :-) -  - A group of 5 of us waited ~ 45 mins in line, but we were chatting the entire time, so it wasn't all that bad. -  - Our waitress was on-the-ball with the mimosas, and clearing plates, and pretty nice about it too the entire time. -  - Food went from mediocre to good to very tasty!  The quiche was eh, and I hate peel-and-eat shrimp (SO messy!), and the creme brulee was abdominal. - The baked sole was fantastic as always, as were the dolmades and smoked salmon (but no toast or bread nearby to put it on?). - They were out of Nutella for the crepes, so I downgraded to plain ol' chocolate, but it was that yucky, bland, overly-sweet Nestle stuff, I think.  Didn't end up eating it, but the whipped cream was amazing. - Pan a' chocolate was a bit dry. - Sushi was a small selection, but all were made very well, fresh, and great flavours - good job, sushi chef! - The pesto pasta with pine nuts was very flavourful and good textures, as was the marinated mushroom salad. - And, the piece de resistance - they have soft serve ice cream!!  (They call is frozen custard = same thing). -  - We all came out of there happy, full, tipsy, and ready for more.	2009-03-10	0	0	0
LEn0z8gjiYRLlRZueFKJHg	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	The best fried chicken and waffles ever!  I think subconsciously you feel less guilty if you order the fried chicken breast but it was awesome.  We all split sides of mac n cheese and collard greens.  Friendly, attentive staff.  Can't wait to go again!	2013-06-12	1	0	1
1ErniX30RITM8tKjFfXOZw	m7uxAxL9L3kuB8XWkoveHQ	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	3	I do love this store. I have a coworker and her condo looks amazing, which she told me she decorated it almost entirely with things from this store.  I love their accent pillows, currants, candles, etc.  Seems to me like more of a store you go to for adding decor and accent type of things.  So if you purchased a living room set somewhere else and wanted to add cute pillows, lamps, throw blanket, rug, and curtains, then you could come here. -  - The down side is this place is expensive.  I found the perfect shade of navy blue curtains here I couldn't find anywhere else.  Exactly what I envisioned so it was hard changing my mind about anything, but they were hundreds of dollars for curtains.  Perhaps that's the standard, I wouldn't know because everywhere I've lived always came with blinds and I recently bought my first home that was set up for curtains.  But I feel like for $200 I could add a few hundred more on for wood blinds at another store that would last me many years. -  - My coworker ended up finding some beautiful silver lanterns that were between $60-$140 each piece and they weren't that big.  Considering the hefty cost she turned them away which was smart to do. -  - Another reason I just gave them 3 stars and not more is I've been here about 2 times on my own, 6 times with friends and not once has a store worker ever approached us to ask us if we needed help with anything.  In fact, I'm honestly not sure what the workers look like because I really can't remember seeing anyone there.  Do they wear street clothes, business attire, uniforms? I really don't know.  Not that I like being harassed, stalked, annoyed, and followed while shopping with workers giving me their unwanted opinions about what I should buy.  But it doesn't hurt to make an appearance after 15 minutes to make sure the customer doesn't need anything.	2014-04-05	0	0	0
un5LCbRH-CWRlzuzgjzHRg	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	tUtlCpzGh6yPXyvXYi4vIA	5	This buffet has great food and the best dessert. We waited for an hour in line and it was well worth it. The alaskin king crab legs were good and the shrimp is also fresh the only thing is the wait but aside from that great buffet.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
QWq736GmtmcGNfoF19vQ6g	BUsmaloKEZeOvXLrSjKWSQ	vlxXm83oGWun_aQT73c8mA	5	Excellent customer service, unique jewelry, gorgeous diamonds, and you get better jewelry for the price compared to other jewelry stores. I am always complimented on my wedding and engagement ring for how unique and gorgeous it is.	2012-08-02	0	0	1
7_HqNRZEOM1K7_CvU9YaUg	HvSzADIoexXueDYTD5FY2w	b2IEvSOG5CSMaZYlk3Au2g	1	After 3 years of going here I've finally had enough of being treated like cattle in this office.  Originally it seemed like my provider Pat Washkowiak, RNP was very knowledgable and was very concerned for my well-being. She always had answers for my questions, especially why it was necessary for me to come back more frequently than I had thought necessary based on previous experience.   Unfortunately it turns out that she was basically using me to pad her bank account since I, as a self-pay patient was paying her out of pocket, in full at every visit.  I have found out that the "care" provided to me was against the guidelines she should have been following. -  - The front office, nursing and lab staff definitely left much to be desired.  The front office doesn't understand professionalism, always carrying on personal conversations loudly that are usually inappropriate.  When they do get around to check in they don't think twice about yelling personal information across the waiting room.   -  - When I was unable to get specific answers from the nursing and billing staff regarding an appointment I spoke to the Office Manager regarding my frustrations and was told that neither are trained to understand why labs are ordered or trained to read the charted results to see why the provider is proceeding with a procedure etc.  That is more than a little scary to me.  If someone is going to be telling me that I need a procedure or be paying hundreds of dollars for a procedure I want them to be able to explain to me why.  I also found that I was given incorrect information regarding previous labwork that was done causing an additional bill of almost $200.  The office manager agreed to call LabCorp and negotiate a discount due to their error even after I advised that I would not be coming back to the clinic.  Apparently after speaking with Pat Washkowiak, NP it was decided not to honor that agreement, because LabCorp is still expecting payment in full.  I'm not shocked, all things considered I'm shocked they didn't try to bill me for copies of my medical records.	2014-01-02	0	0	0
Fk2FAO5wKabLxaEkRyKzQQ	jDdRxo7Krsl1qfxhkocL4w	0kR-7Lz6JVrE1WgoTkRyrA	5	With my recent shipment of liquid from Pink Spot came an attached handwritten note about a new store in town that would be carrying their products. Excited about a local distributor I had to check it out. And wow, I was pretty impressed when walking into Vape Escapes right off the bat! The store was large, beautiful, and unlike any I have ever seen. I met the owners, both very friendly, as well as "Bish" whom some may recognize from his online video reviews. Just as my note had led me to believe, they offered the full line of Pink Spot flavors! Not only did i stock up on my favorite flavors, without shipping costs, i was able to sample many others that I had been curious about. I did not spend too much time looking at equipment as I was on a lunch break, but was impressed with what I saw. Genuine products, quality brands, and fair prices. From what I could tell, Vape Escapes should be a major player in the industry for a long time to come. Pink Spot juices, their own line to come, a super inviting atmosphere and nice people. Highly encourage all vapors to check this spot out, and best of luck to the owners! Also, sounds like some big things planned for next months official "grand opening."	2013-05-20	0	0	0
7X3WLBwvaP2W5FYWzCMhBQ	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	oo3R8PCW1ltpoNPeGsuoCQ	4	A recent visit to Vegas (with my good friends no less) brought me to this wonder restaurant. Can't say too much about the place since it was my first time... but I'll say this... PERFECT for a dinner date. I'd suggest sitting outside so you can watch Bellagio's water show (don't worry they have heat lamps!).  -  - As for the food, it was a bit dry (i had the duck leg). Maybe it's the chinese in me that's screaming "DON'T GET IT" but I'd recommend getting something a little more juicy. This place gets a "four" though because the wine more than made up for the food!	2006-12-19	0	0	0
-pxxdMxIcNQ3rIPXhzEtJA	wuQPytBIhsHvs2KplscYXA	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	12 bucks, 10 minutes, old school, looks great!	2008-06-25	2	1	4
ssf_dHT8JWT2S-m_TbXzFQ	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	MPGk4SrmyqwG_M-tgG1Q2A	5	Favorite spot on the strip for a good burger. High quality choices. Expect a wait for a table in evening hours. Great setting with good service	2013-12-21	0	0	0
3bXk4PwLSP152GjljJlxCg	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	uT-Na-ZSHnOg1WfcDRxrWA	3	I can't wholeheartedly give this buffet a four-star, since I'm pretty sure the fresh shrimp I ate made me sick later on that day, but otherwise well worth the money ($23.95 for brunch on Sunday, including fountain drinks with free refills). My cousins who are locals will also vouch for this place. We went on a Sunday at exactly noon, and didn't get seated until close to one. But it was worth the wait! Really good steak, 10 different potato dishes, good mix of vegetables and tons of dessert that's well-packaged in bite-sized portions. There were a lot of different kinds of breads too, which I was unfortunately unable to make it around to tasting.	2010-11-28	0	0	0
cYwcud1M50sJBR7bol2InA	ujkFN6kSrXVzq3epVeWmzQ	JzPgQMOsJhg5zAqYmwN17Q	5	Great store. All the vinyl was reasonably priced and in great shape. Really nice staff to boot. Highly recommended!	2013-04-29	0	0	0
kNQGPhSWIlBOlh0Dn5GXng	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	HslReRAnURM1qrOTT0kZ5w	5	When this place was still pretty new, my friends and I slammed them with a few 15-20 person parties. They were happy to serve and even split up checks without groaning. So, they get five stars for that alone. Topping it off are their cheap sweet potato fries. It's a nice option for friends that can't afford to drop a lot, but you still want to include at a cool location.	2007-05-25	2	0	3
9oqzYc21ymNq4RTrmAU-jQ	iDVVyTPcZq1UCJSw_xpeWQ	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	5	OMFG! If I were super rich and had money coming out of my butt, I would go here on a weekly basis. I normally don't patronize places like this because it's way out of my budget but since I had a gift card, I finally decided to use it (a year later!). I decided on the "Ultimate Facial." It was an "everything that they could practically do to your face other than using lasers or skin resurfacing stuff" facial. It was priced at $220 for 80 minutes. BUT...if you're a local, the current promo is that if you go there from Monday through Thursday you get 30% off! Friday through Sunday it's currently 20% off. Letting you all know, they tack on the 18% gratuity to your bills so you don't even have to tip your therapist as soon as your treatment is done.  -  - So I get there 25 minutes early so I can explore the spa. Sweet. Appointment was a 9am, I'm there at 835am. And apparently...I'm the only one there. Quiet. Serene. Tranquil. Good. Nobody to bother me. Once you walk in and check in, you're led to a staircase down where someone greets you with slippers and your locker room key. Once you're in the women's area, you don't even know where to begin. The locker room/changing area is like a very upscale locker room. There's even a changing room if you're modest and don't want to reveal your nakedness. In your locker and a soft plush robe waiting for you. In this women's area, there is a dry sauna, a steam room, a Jacuzzi and a lounge. In this lounge, there are assorted beverages which also include hot tea and coffee. There's also fruit and assorted snacks. The women's lounge area has fancy chairs and a couch and a bunch of magazines. This area also has really large shower rooms that are equipped with shampoo, conditioner and shaving cream. Their vanity area has individual dressing tables which have sanitized combs and hair dryers. The bathroom/sink area has lotion, soap, package toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, tampons, pads, and Kleenex. When you pay for a treatment you have full use of these amenities for the whole day.  -  - So I enjoy my bottled water, magazines and sit there and wait for my therapist. She shows up...at close to 9:10am. (So I'm early but she's late?) She greets me and leads me to her treatment room but in order to cut through, we tours me through the outdoor lounge area and the co-ed area (both empty and quiet). My treatment was fabulous. The facial itself was good. I have no idea what products she used, but my face was in dire need of a good cleansing and I felt she did a great job. She was very talkative but in a good way. You could tell she pretty much was responding to my big mouth. While I had one of my mud masks on, she then did a neck, shoulder, hand and foot massage. It wasn't bad, but it was okay. (I think I'm used to the pressure of the old Chinese lady and the foot massage place.) All in all, it must have been pretty good because she said I fell asleep as soon as she started massaging my feet.  -  - I regret not bringing my bathing suit and I regret not carving out more time to be there. Apparently, you can also use the swimming pool and if you want to make a day of it, you can even order food and have it delivered. After my therapist escorted me out, there was one other guest waiting for her therapist and...that was it. No one else. So I sat in the steam room for about 10 minutes, followed by letting my feet dangle in the Jacuzzi before I prepared myself to go home.  -  - Would I come here again? Heck yes!! But give me a gift card for it!! :D And yes, I would recommend this to locals. They love us (or at least that's what their marketing tells me!) -  - Bonus: It's about 10 minutes away from my house.	2011-04-18	1	2	4
0TXBmSb73gkgFyR1IjS57g	tWEYt-sTRGHEaV8l27I14w	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	2	Went shopping here because it was right across from Max Brenner and my friend needed a dress for that evening's festivities. It was cool when you first looked up but once you get inside its very bizarre how they laid it out. As Jade W. said in her review "the layout itself is just plain stupid". I must agree. I did find some cute stuff for my super sexy date night with my man but their prices have gone way up (each dress was $60) and the quality isn't that great. The lighting is bright and somewhat annoying and the dressing rooms make you feel like you are being slammed into a locker or a cupboard. I might be back if I am bored and stuffed from too much Max Brenner chocolate. The staff was pretty nice....if this review was just about them then it would get 4 stars.	2011-04-12	1	0	1
MFqUKoZTlzPkhPGSzgZWHg	MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We grabbed up a Groupon for this museum which was for the Adult's Night Out Da Vinci exhibit viewing.  We loved it!   -  - I'm a touch confused by some of the other reviewers on here that went and complained about parking and screaming children. First, park in the Science Center parking garage and they validate (so it's free).  Second, it's a museum...kids go there so it's a tad unrealistic to expect them to not be there unless you are going to Adult's Night Out - which is why we purchased the ticket we purchased.  We don't have kids just yet, and wanted a date night.  Bam!  Adult's Night Out to the rescue!   -  - The Da Vinci exhibit is closed now, however it was very well organized and set up.  The catered food was delicious and well presented.  The staff was helpful in guiding us when we needed it.   -  - All in all, a great night out!  Grab a Groupon and make it a date night.  ;)	2013-07-31	0	0	0
6N0q6Q2yQhDt8l8cFMBeJA	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	EdeqsbwZRRv361K1-_z7FA	3	Girls loved the fish tacos and club.  I had the po boy and it was super greasy and tasted more like oil than shrimp.  Really disappointed in the service as well, waitress came by once to get our order.  I've always loved the food and service here so I will be back.  Just disappointed w this visit!	2013-05-19	0	0	0
K0An0OQxewavPqtmrOKk6Q	czwbmZktTUQ3Vhxgq1bnPQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	"The Find" is probably the best kept secret where you'll find a plethora of purses, jewelry, accessories, and home deco at shockingly low prices.  -  - It won't remain a secret for long!  -  - As soon as I entered the store and saw the price tag for one of the purses, my jaw dropped and my phone convo to my friend went like this after I texted her the pic of the purse,  "OMGAWDyouhavetocometothisstoreRIGHTNOW!"  -  - And so began my hour long shopping spree. -  - The employee explained that 1/2 the store is accessories the other 1/2 is home deco.  You pay the wholesale price listed on the tags on the accessory side.  On the home deco side it's 20% off the already low price. The wrought iron planter that I found easily would go for eighty bucks retail, 40 dollars at a discount retailer's like Marshals) here, I found it for $24!! Plus another 20% on top of that!  -  - Also a lot of the merchandise is ONE OF A KIND because it is left here from  trade shows and gift conventions. Since the distributors don't want to repack and haul back the merchandise they sell it instead.  This places buys the whole lot so we get the great deals! -  - By the way the most helpful and sweet sales staff! Offered to help carry out my packages to my car and while I was shopping offered me bottled water.  -  - You'll just have come here and find out for yourself what "The Find" is all about.	2013-06-19	4	2	9
5j0jhsfZnYhzrrxCTV2OdQ	3o1YTQpduZ2WeyGzYJcEWQ	tblTRSqWLZ-y0celp1j4iQ	5	I've never written a review but as far as time waiting it's pretty good maybe 15 min in waiting room then up to 30 or depending on your condition once you are in with nurse and PA combined. If you go to surgery center, I've been called in early because they were ahead of schedule. I've never waited in surgery for shots more than 20 maybe once. Most of time I'm back there with IV in 20 min from time I walk in the door. I've done epidural so for a year in 2011 then radio nuerotonomy this yr. Dr Burkhead is a great Dr and good bed side manner. All nurses are good starting IV the first time every time. Pam and Val are great at Summerlin location. Overall I am pleased with their service.-Bryan USAF	2014-05-13	0	0	0
B5c4LAcBTVlU2oEzHEPmGg	LcAamvosJu0bcPgEVF-9sQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	We moved to the Phoenix area about 3 months ago and I signed up for Groupon deals in the area.  Drybar ran a special for a blow out for only $22 instead of the normal (and not bad on its own price) $35.  Stevie was phenomenal!  I loved every second of being there - from the decor to the nice staff, there was nothing to complain about at this place.  Go there.  You won't regret it.	2013-07-31	0	0	0
NaxqrLhZ655Zwkz3wQ-yEQ	Q5Kz97C8UUh3vEOCVVFvFw	LzlYSrtbkkOQudqFBt-bxQ	5	This place was awesome. The staff was helpful, suggestive, knowledgeable, and had a great attitude. I live close and this is my new vape shop.  -  - The selection of starter kits, and accessories was extensive and thier variety of fluid is outrageous. Pricing was great too.	2013-12-28	1	0	0
Bnqi9_KgNHvfP7fhJIPOfg	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	Sh1KjRJjCnzvTVb1KQ8kpw	5	Best 24hr sandwich shop in Vegas. Simple caesar  salad wrap was delicious and the Mac and cheese was very good. Hubby had a pastrami sandwich which appeared small (we are from Texas where portions are huge) but it was surprisingly filling for him. Very good place highly recommend.	2014-04-27	0	0	0
A1qd293oOxtaI0wyyNWF9Q	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	kL0gNxwkrO0AWtv0vj_ahA	5	great !! you pick what you like and you cook what you like!!	2013-01-30	0	0	0
KzzGGYkPkeBMvnfRIgVGSQ	EtijSxqheu_LHohSvKQfLA	n4OR3DVPPMbJDlsPK3xjaA	1	Very disappointed. Brought a photo for what I wanted, which was pretty simple, but she told me she couldn't do it after she already messed up my nails. Wish she would have told me when she saw the photo in the first place. Will never go back there again.	2013-01-17	0	0	0
tZZKngudsDDZHmkUEf6Wmg	hQ49CyifoJmQ8Vafz_Zhhw	p4VkQXcLH2FldlgdxqFp9Q	5	I go here 3x a week for my B12 and love it. B12 really makes you feel great! After many months of B12 I started the HCG and have lost a ton of weight and am still losing. The gals are nice and the place is very clean.	2014-03-13	0	0	1
sDH0noRGTDQfiyeBiMhC5Q	b-IWZuVd3f0GcbtetwG5WA	pbNnQV2LJ0EZOw6VkTjiIA	5	They spent nearly an hour with me fitting me in my first pair of real hiking boots, and even fitted me in socks. They explained how everything should fit and why. One month later, (also for the first time) I hiked the Grand Canyon in those boots -- to Phantom Ranch and back over two days time. I did not get so much as a blister. The trip was an experience of a lifetime. Properly fitting footwear was no small part of a successful trip.	2013-05-18	1	0	0
LIQZYVluiMcisSmRJ85e-A	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	2	Ok, so I gave this place a second shot and pretty much had the same experience as before.  It was just meh.  Tried something different and it was slightly cold again.  I doubt that I'll ever go back.	2011-06-20	0	0	2
e0NAHJ2jtNvTK0WWgJlQXQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	8eQtyMJ7g-zTXnHIyUycZA	5	I love this place so much, I came here twice in 2 days. And brought 8 sandwiches home with me for friends. -  - BLT - So good! So much bacon. :) - Ham & Swiss - Yummy, too. But I didn't like the mustard with it. - Original - BOMB.org - Ham, Egg & Cheese Breakfast sandwich - I wish I had one for breakfast again this morning. :( - Tomato soup - It was good, but I've had better. -  - For $6 a sandwich, you can't go wrong. Someone needs to open a branch here in the OC.	2011-02-14	0	0	0
HzhNPxhJ1_Go_k-mhn1xeg	3ZnV5rMrxDWOCNziT3vPoQ	eQSj2Pg6zlybas4UfipmrQ	5	I honestly cannot say anything bad about Costco. They run GREAT deals and definitely are about putting their customers on a high priority. I come to this Coscto in particular at least 2-3 times a month. I love that their fruits and vegetables are in a controlled temperature room and they are always stocking throughout the day.  -  - I would recommend their pound cake, cheese cake, Kirkland all beef hot dogs, pizza from the food court, and so much more! One of the things I value the most is if you take something home and you find the quality is not good, you can bring it back and they will exchange it for you for free. One time I bought strawberries that were starting to mold. I called them and told them about it and they said to bring them back in and they would give me a new pack of fruit. They do that with all of their food. Just extremely customer friendly and helpful. I was sad to learn that the food court go rid of their ice cream bar which was very popular. Hopefully they bring it back. Their pizzas are HUGE. All pizzas are 1 size which I would measure to be XXL. They can feed up to 6-7 adults. We often call ahead of time and place a order for a full pizza so that when we get to the store, the pizza is made and ready. Much better than Pizza Hut and your other typically pizza chain. Their pizzas are amazing.  -  -  - Costco is my first choice for getting tires. They typically run a Michellin deal buy 4 tires and get $70 off.  -  -  - The accept debit cards, cash and checks. They DO NOT accept credit cards unless they are American Express.  -  -  - Love this place.	2014-05-25	0	0	0
ND-X8L1CUjnKFs305TY-ng	Zi-dpvV3879RgW_LeZ49uQ	9rtg4LYz7eH1ZAC9xjzmhw	5	I requested Peter after seeing nails he has done by other Yelpers and I'm so happy with them! Also he's very friendly and I like that he talks story with me, definitely will be requesting him all the time now :)	2014-03-22	0	0	0
hvPff5RMK9fgyXjXpXAHsA	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	K3gyYp_Q-NaRWOeij2_OmA	5	We've been here twice and the food is amazing! My son is a picky eater and he loved the chicken tenders and French fries. First time I just had the Caesar salad and my husband got their famous burger. He talked me into having a bite of his and it was the best burger I've ever had.     - The second visit, we got the family dinner. We got baby back ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, Mac n Cheese, potato salad, and fries. They bring you corn bread when you sit down. All of it was delicious. I was really surprised. They give you some donuts when you leave. The service was good and the food is great. You won't be disappointed here. We will go back often :)	2013-10-26	0	0	0
k8z-E_1J3_TgUsZXBdf9GA	kxDVLLS06L-5rtcQS0Yhuw	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	What a great place! Modern on Melrose has amazing furniture at great prices. I highly recommend and will be back when I am looking for new pieces.	2013-04-28	1	0	2
uhyQoVbxGZ0bCVcOAba4sA	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	_MLmE3ArnzkXqESM3YCbdA	4	The best frozen hot choclate which im sure you already know, they should divide into more lines than just a giant one wrapping around the place, and the bar should be a lot bigger. None the less the food is great and the drinks are strong. Gotta love it	2013-11-23	0	0	0
n4F57ATbz9HeVrwuadOEzQ	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	You gotta love Tini Tuesdays!  $3 martinis that are the bomb...especially the Cherry Bomb.  And if you subscribe to Yelp, you can get special deals.  Yesterday I had an awesome seared scallop appetizer for $8.95 that wasn't on the menu...only special customers enjoyed this savory treat.  The waiters are almost as delicious as the food.  Our waiter, with a belt bucklet labeled "cocky" definitely was and treated all of us old ladies like we were queens(?).    Great times, great location, great food.	2012-06-20	0	0	1
KUYVUGrY8rIly3ojopfE-g	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	GQ8qDvEJxWRw7-zGhtgHbA	5	So freaking good! By far the best panini-style sandwiches I've had in a long time. I stopped by here twice within 6 hours, both for dinner and for a late night snack. -  - Top 3 reasons that this place gets 5 stars: - 1) Open 24 hours. A necessity especially in a place like Vegas. - 2) Tastes like a panini, but the bread is SOFT and doesn't rip up my mouth. - 3) CHEAP! When you're losing money at the craps tables, it's a very comforting thought that you can at least afford one last delicious meal in Vegas. -  - The Earl's Club and the Full Montagu were both amazingly delicious. For a Vegas eatery, this place definitely deserves the crazy high rating.	2010-12-25	0	0	0
3mvydWrkulfP2onXIOB8dQ	kSTs0hYF0tFsiGj7aiMDYA	j7YHnbehgssP2F9kpaPS9w	5	Ever since I moved to Arizona, my hair has been in a sorry state.  And though I love Manic Panic (the salon back in LA that I've been faithfully going to for close to 3 years), it was time to get with the program and find a new place to haunt.  Being still new to the area, I didn't know how much a cut would usually run, but I'm Asian, so of course I hit the groupons and relied on my fellow yelpers for guidance as to which one to purchase.  Foxtail Salon came highly recommended and for $25, the groupon included a treatment (much needed), cut, and style.  It doesn't get any better than that.  So I called, made an appointment and got really excited waiting for my haircut. -  - The day before, I called to double confirm and unfortunately there was a mix up in communication between me and the salon and my original appointment time was no longer available.  No worries, Angela was a total sweetheart and offered to come in an hour and a half earlier than the salon open time to do my hair.  Now that's customer service. -  - In any case, the location was nice, and the salon was really adorable and cozy.  And not only did Angela walk me through the entire process, she made some really nice suggestions with product (that I need to try out) and I got my groupon deal.  Hair therapy is always nice and I loved the whole package.  The treatment got my hair all nice and soft (very unlike the weed-like state it was in before Angela put her hands on it) and the cut took off all my damaged ends.  The style left me feeling like I was the sexiest mama alive, which is what you want to feel when you leave a salon.  So yes, thank you Foxtail Salon and Angela dearest.  I'll be visiting you again :D!!	2013-10-13	0	0	2
0MgC-6SIPlwBQ4QmSfqoAA	jh7S78tc9oXCDjAjP_OrLw	bOlWtp4Fe5cWnPcECTWAAA	2	I've eaten here twice. The first time was for the lunch buffet and this was before they remodeled. The food was delicious. -  - So I went again during dinner. WHAT. A. MESS. -  - For a place nestled in a shadier neighborhood, I didn't think reservations would be necessary. When we came in, we were seated at a table that still had remnants and water glasses from the last diners. We kept trying to flag a server down, but no one would even look our way.  -  - I'm very patient, but not 20 minutes of no service patient. I usually give places/servers the benefit of the doubt, but it was absolutely ridiculous even after we flagged someone and they said someone would be right with us. I've never walked out of a restaurant due to bad service or even bad food, but one can only wait so long. -  - If my memory wasn't tarnished by that experience, I'd try the place again. Otherwise, this place needs to be aware of their diners. I won't be going back again.	2014-06-15	1	1	1
G3F_nzBv2FwXnkgVQ1VbRg	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	CvE_06M3UeSwSxSMobXw9Q	5	Simply put- Amazing. -  - There are so many restaurants in Vegas, so it's really hard to know and find which place to go to.  If you just want a great breakfast/brunch place to go to...check out this place. It's across from Bellagio (Paris Resort area).  My wife and I went there for brunch one morning. I got the steak and eggs, and my wife got the Nutella waffles. We just split our plates so we could try each other's.  The steak was tender and juicy. It's a small streak and actually goes well with the scrambled eggs.  With that, you also get some toast. This meal was great! My wife's Nutella waffles were awesome too. I think the mix of salty (my food)..and sweetness (her food)...just made everything taste good. It's not crazy expensive and it's totally worth it.  The service was great too. Our waitress was really nice and from observing the other waiters...I could see some actually playing with babies...and interacting with families. It's something that is rare to see nowadays.   -  - Definitely check it out. Sure there are the buffets, fancy restaurants, and other restaurants...but if you want to go to a nice place with family or your significant other....and eat some good food....go here :) -  - Keep in mind- we went for brunch....so I don't know how lunch/dinner is. -  - Have fun! -  - Jonas	2013-01-31	0	0	0
dfE3Emew85VUTCI8yBtPJQ	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	4	I wish Gallo Blanco was in Tucson, the food here is wonderful. The service is another story. First they asked if we wanted chips and salsa and I said of course. Later once I received the bill I realized I was charged for these. I hate paying for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant and they should have made it clear that they were not complimentary.  -  - For my main I ordered the pollo asado chicken and it was amazing.The chicken was cooked to perfection and the citrus marinade and aioli made this dish something truly special. I would come back time and time again for this dish.	2013-11-05	2	0	3
gAn5yCDAAysWUqjYR2SysA	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	VZmOxVhTiHUe4K4sJdM7_w	3	after hearing much hype, we had to try this while staying in vegas..it was a friday night, and the place was getting busy...we were seated, then the server took the drink order and brought the drinks...took the food order for a beef sandwich and pulled pork sandwich, which is the hallmark food for me when it comes to judging 'Q' restrauants...the sandwiches came, overflowing with meat..we thought this was great, BUT, the meat was way overcooked and almost like mush...like it had sat in broth all day..broken down, no texture and watery tasting...the biscuits were good, but didn't care for the spread, which tasted like cool whip with cinnamon in it...the 'greens' were delish though...would give the food a 2.5 and the server the same, as he sat our food down and ignored us until bill time....will we come back? ummmmmmm no...	2012-03-15	0	0	0
UsXMaYLKmGCHc58gW1lRpg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	JkFGGaL-YBdtf6_mXfhrCg	1	Expensive, $88.00 for 2 for dinner, and food was below average.  Not to mention it's location is at the very back secluded area of the cosmopolitan.  Complete disappointment!	2013-11-16	0	0	0
mV1TAkL_1MJ-dgVNJBi6mg	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	bX7qswW9gNSMaTxdsRXAbw	4	Yum, Crepes! -  - Stopped by here for some desert after having dinner on my anniversary. Only checked it out because Groupon had a deal, but turned out to be pretty good. My boyfriend got the Rebel Special w/ Birthday Cake ice cream and I got the Bananas Foster w/ Cappuccino Crunch ice cream. I personally like the Rebel Special better, but boyfriend liked the Bananas Foster one. -  - There's also a bunch of board games there, so you can play and eat at the same time. Killed an hour playing battle ship and connect four.	2011-12-21	0	1	2
U_ng_D_KpWdWFChUBav2Yg	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	vYvIxVpNmx7oUkBVwZALMQ	4	This is the place you should stop and eat for a quick meal on the strip! While we stayed at PH, we were going to find some idea for restaurants and we saw Earl of Sandwich. Soon we end up giving it a try, and we are both very satisfied. -  - I was so amazed how great the hot sandwich it tasted and it's only $5.99 before tax. Their drinks - include hot coffee, hot tea and fountain drinks - are reasonably priced at $1.99. We ordered a Cannonball and an all American, a bag of chips, two drinks, and that's all less than $20! Wow, was I on the strip?! -  - The all American sandwich is made of turkey with a special blend of cranberry sauce and buttermilk ranch. It brought up a nice and sweet taste that I could never forget. Its bread was warm, flat and specially made, making the whole sandwich tastes so outstanding.  -  - Eating on the strip could be expensive, but this store would be one of my cheap food choices without sacrificing tastes.	2009-12-01	0	0	1
qNMVUZqbTJnT4lScZogXWw	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	5	The very best tacos in town. The Aztec Tinga is fantastic...but the real star of the show is the Napoleon taco.  -  - Also fantastic are the quesadillas...and they will forever change the way you think about them. You'll never order a quesadilla from Taco Bell ever again. You've been warned. THESE quesas are puff pastries filled with gorgeous things, and then topped with Mexican sour cream.  -  - Also check out their salsa bar. Too many to choose from; and there are no wrong choices to make. -  - Run to La Condesa. Run past every other mediocre Mexican restaurant to get here because THIS place is the real deal.	2013-06-13	0	0	2
botVX0GTLsX30OHvtCrfgg	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	3tDApCNi4PyQMJQgRR3Ncg	3	Loved the Dirty chips appetizer. But they got rid of them and have a new variation on the menu. The bartender told me they could still make it- so I ordered them...not the same, they didn't have chicken livers...which I don't particularly like, but quickly found out, their flavor is important to the dish as a whole. Then the bacon was missing and they had some other stuff in them that wasn't there in the original dish. My fault for trying to force it- so I'm sad to say, the OG Dirty Chips are no more and you shouldn't try to get them to make it.  -  - The location is perfect! easy to get to from both directions on the Strip. -  - I've eaten here probably 7 times and never been overly excited about any of the main dishes. They are all marginal to good- but nothing overly exciting. It's a shame.  -  - Great beer selection and a pretty good scotch selection as well. They have a half priced happy hour from 10-12, which is nice. -  - Their Captain Crunch bread pudding is one of the best deserts in the world!! -  - So, my suggestion- go elsewhere for dinner and hit TE for drinks and sugary finish.	2013-03-11	1	1	2
Er7J2XF0_g4Qmj4NBcEOMw	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	3	I don't get it. Was so excited to eat here because of all of the rave reviews but I just flat out don't get it. The service was great but the food was pretty meh. The chopped salad, as I was eating it, the whole time I was comparing it to the SAME EXACT salad which is served at Cowboy Ciao practically across the street. I have to admit, Cowboy Ciao wins. The tomato in citizen's salad was not fresh, and the salad had a strange texture because I really think they just skimped on the freshness of the ingredients. Aside from that though, why are you serving the same exact thing as a neighboring restaurant and trying to call it your signature dish???!!! One of you has to figure it out and take it off the menu, that's the most ridiculous thing ever. Citizen's tasted fine, but Cowboy Ciao would win on this one. -  - We ordered the pork belly pastrami also at yelp's recommendation and were not fans. it tasted like old coffee, it was really strange texture again and just not that great.  -  - The positives- Scallops were a delicious dish and the pudding jar is amaaaaazing dessert. I wanted to lick the jar of that pudding dish, it was so yummy.  -  - Basically my experience was just so so, would I recommend it if someone were to ask me where they should eat in old town? No, would I go out of my way to go there again? No, but was it a decent experience? Sure	2014-05-09	0	0	0
eqPWcquqlK3QIzvDVVcBZw	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	3	I've eaten here many times and this is the first time I did NOT get pizza. I regret this. Their pizza is phenomenal, so if you want a great pizza, this is the place to go. The service is always top notch and the cleanliness of The Parlor is always noticed. Side note: I love the herb garden at the entrance! Nice touch. -  - However. This last trip I decided to order something other than pizza. Starting off with Halibut Crudo, I would not wrap my brain around all these strange flavors that should not be on the same plate. Radish, corn and halibut. Too contrasting. And corn is just too sweet! A very odd dish that left me frowning. -  - Next was a very-difficult-to-eat burger. I ordered the bacon and gorgonzola burger and was dismayed at the bullet-like pickles in the sandwich. They poked up through the bun! Aren't pickles supposed to be cut into thin disks? Not these. These suckers made their presence known, and I had to pick them out of my sandwich.  -  - I'll come here again, but I'm going to stick with what I know: Their pizza. Buon appetito!	2013-07-28	1	0	1
_tl_-Xo2wKz5YocBfXjaDA	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	3-u_RmWST-vS1xe0XnZy2Q	4	The food here was great.  We ordered an appetizer of sweet potato fries a with spicy pepper dusting; a wedge salad; and each of us ordered a burger.  The problem was that the fries and salad were served - at the same time and we weren't one third done with those when our burgers arrived.   That said, the food would bring me back again.	2011-01-17	0	0	0
UosPjh5PQI6pPGpCi9Qg3A	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Tonight was special. I actually got of work early enough where me and my man could stop in to Lola's for a much needed po' boy fix. Christopher took great care of us and treated us like we were guests in his own home. We ordered 2 Abitas (I love their Purple Haze...great chick beer), Crawpuppies (little fried corn meal balls with shredded crawfish mixed in with some sort of dijon lemon aioli on the side), a fried shrimp po' boy and a beef pot roast po' boy (both "dressed" of course and with a side of sweet potato fries for me and regular fries for my man). It was like heaven on a roll...so perfectly cooked and melting in my mouth. I also asked for a side of honey mustard for the sweet potato fries which made it that much better. I noticed that they had Apple Bread Pudding as a special and I so desperately wanted to try it (having sampled the regular bread pudding with Chantilly cream...I knew it would be out of this world...plus my man like all things apple for dessert) but our stomachs wouldn't allow it. Bummer. Will have to make a special trip just for dessert (bread pudding and bananas foster).	2011-03-17	2	0	2
825EngN7NEuS9bNw2pqLUQ	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	cacLZHo_aIneTfi0AyhHnw	4	Sit outdoors on the patio and have a great dinner with view of the fountains!	2013-09-03	0	0	0
pbV_BSTqIpctlMr12rJnOQ	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	4	FINALLY!  After 3 trips to Vegas, I finally got to go here! -  - Friends are always bringing me Pink's Hot Dogs, and I'm glad that this place didn't disappoint.  I've had a few of the dogs before and this time I went with the Showdog girl.   -  - The hot dog itself was great, nice snap when you bite into it!  I took off one star though because I thought they put too much stuff on it.  I was almost having to search for the hot dog flavor.  Maybe I'm just weird, but I like to have minimal "stuff" on my dog. -  - No matter what, the dogs here are top notch.  Love it.	2011-09-10	0	0	0
4-3QWWmNYdb0TTlOFxBmTw	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	uHzXfjuP0XaNcUTMA7QqtQ	4	Sangria is the best in Las Vegas and you can't beat it at $3 a glass at happy hour.  Food is good not great.  Best happy hour in Vegas in my opinion.  They even bring you out a free appetizer.	2011-05-15	0	0	1
5P8bI395mv_-_PUEjTqlHA	pG9AXrNWpjhX8p4Bz7bLrA	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	Love love love love love this place!  I was able to find crystal covered shoes here that I wasn't able to find anywhere else and their clothes are definitely that which is unique.  You can literally show up in Vegas without a suitcase and hit this mall and find something for any event, whether you're trying to dress up for a club, dress classy for a wedding, or just get some relaxing threads. -  - It's also nice you can grab a bite to eat at some truly amazing restaurants and relax after all your retail therapy.  Every time I hit Vegas I always go with the plan of spending money here at the Miracle Mile Shops.	2014-04-19	0	0	0
dw3lSrHmOSZqMBTu1q-Ddg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	vMqTGP9DpuLiuOR-1VeD9Q	1	Yes. I'm giving this place one star not only because it isn't worthy of more but because they need to be brought down a notch. Hard to imagine why so many yelps think this place is so great. Maybe we knew there was an issue when we got there and there was no line. - Ok here's the first thing that pissed me off. 36 bucks plus tax and gratuity. It was more than $90 for 2 to eat here. I moved from here 8 years ago and anything like this at the time was unheard of. Gratuity included? What happened to leaving your tip on the table? I'll decide how much that's worth.  - We immediately grabbed our plates and started to peruse the place and the more I looked the more I realized there wasn't a lot there for me to eat. Where was all the fish? Farmed salmon in a place that cost more than 90 bucks for 2? Really? I will not eat that garbage so don't even ask me to. What was there for a pescatarian otherwise? A few meager choices of veggies and potatoes everywhere - mashed, fingerlings au gratin. Hell. Oh, and where was the salad? There was actually no salad to be found anywhere. Desserts were good but the pumpkin flan was flat and it lacked the right texture. Other chocolates were good though.  - So, in the end, this place was not worth the price and there are better places to eat. I'm not going to pay a premium price for for something just because someone tells me I should. Just because it's a City Center Hotel on The Strip.  - Next time I'm in town we'll just skip the buffet thing entirely. Hey Caroline. Let's eat at your house. I'll buy if you cook :)	2012-10-30	1	2	5
eNThSrb3OWpYBWV6BEVrJA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	I had been hearing such amazing things about this place from all of you Yelpers so I had to try it out. You all were right...it was darn tasty. My man and I went for another impromptu date (I got off early from work and he was off...HOORAY!) and I told him I needed to try this place (I gave him one of those desperate looks where he wouldn't even dare to say no...besides I told him it was my treat.) -  - We get there and there is a small line (awesome!) and it moved very fast. I opted for the American (turkey, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, cranberries and ranch dressing). My man decided on the club with no tomato. It arrived quickly and was one of the better sandwiches I have had in the past 30 years. Top it off with my favorite chips and soda (salt and vinegar and Tropicana Twister orange) and I was in heaven. The bread was the best part of it...crispy, hot yet soft in the middle. -  - I will be back very soon to try more (at $5.99 a pop...that's so cheap by Vegas Strip standards). One word of caution to this happy tale...I would imagine it gets insanely crowded Thursday through Saturday so try to hit this place up Monday-Wednesday. Just a thought.	2011-05-03	2	2	2
JYyCSCfQD7xLqw8aLHD3nA	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	-XeFGDrpJCTG4oyLEsgPXA	5	Food, service and ambience are top notch. Meats were some of the best I've had. But believe or not the dish that impressed me the most was the chicken. Yeah I said the chicken!  Roasted chicken with truffle oil. Amazing. The service here was like no other. They cut your meat for you and serve every dish to you tableside asking you if you would like some, family style.  I really felt like a king eating here. I kept saying "this is how men should eat and be served"!!  Bit on the pricey side though worth it!	2011-02-28	1	0	1
75Khe54jvjj-TvWdYn5z7w	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	Went here today for a surprise ice cream date with my bf. He got out of work really early and was needing some sugar. I had been raving about this place and suggested it instead of the usual Dairy Queen or Mr. D's.  -  - As usual we walk in and the lovely young man describes their concept for my man. He is down for the Apple A La Mode crepe and I branched out and got the East Meets West crepe. Both were good. I must admit that his was better. Mine wasn't bad but the consistency kinda weirded me out (they did the crepe right...I just had a different thought in my head when I ordered it). So I definitely won't be getting that one again but the service, quality of ingredients and overall value still rock. The only reason its getting 4 stars is because I wasn't blown away by my crepe but I will definitely be back again soon. I must start working my way down the menu.	2011-04-20	1	1	2
gucIq42IgJNlfPairnWF3Q	XVHLXkjnzZxIvyvi9VZkPg	Sh_c2Pe5A_C6dT57lXjCew	1	Seriously worst experience ever. I tried the six months braces which were approved by Hahn in May of 2013, that turned into a complete mess. I was more of a guinea pig. He wasn't fully trained on how to handle certain situation and I ended up with gaps in my mouth three different times. And the first time he decided to put in a gap he didn't even feel the need to tell me. I can't express how horrific this experience was. He kept saying that this was what the head teacher was telling him to do. The gaps were located on my top front middle teeth. Something that's impossible to hide. My teeth never had gaps before and they didn't need any major adjustments. Being a professional he should have known when to throw in the towel and send me to an orthodontist. About a little over a year with these braces I finally gave up and moved on to an orthodontist that straightened my teeth in less than six months. Hahn was so quick to take all the money upfront he never offered me any sort of refund for a job he couldn't finish. The only reason for the one star is because the staff is absolutely amazing. But that isn't enough to ever send me back. I would never recommend him and I tell everyone about the horrible experience and how unprofessional he is.	2013-12-17	0	0	1
4F_IT3pSlsNALr-g-GtAbA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	2	As we were brought to our table we were told where everything was and I was excited about all the choices. -  - First, I went to the seafood area and chose the shrimp, roasted red pepper bisque, and the miso glazed cod. The plump shrimp was the best of the 3 but with the shrimp being straight on the ice it tasted soft and semi water logged. The roasted red pepper bisque was flavorless and tasted more like a tomato soup. The miso glazed cod was cooked well but was luke warm and the wasabi mashed potatoes accompanying it were also luke warm which made the outer layer hard. Next, I went to the italian station and got the meatballs which were nicely presented and the penne carbonara. The meatball tasted fine but the tomato sauce was overly sweet and made the entire dish taste artificial. The carbonara tasted nothing like a carbonara, pasta was overcooked and it reminded me of the quality of pasta I would have tasted from a Souplantation. A few more low points were the sashimi being warm; pretzel rolls being dry; corn chowder crusty on top from it being luke warm; brisket more fat than meat. The one positive thing I will say is that this buffet has solid and well done desserts. I had the carrot cake; beignet; churro; strawberry cheesecake ice cream; mint chip ice cream; cheesecake pop; chocolate ganache log; oreo chocolate mousse. Carrot cake was moist and cream cheese frosting on top was nicely done. Beignet was also nicely done with it being freshly fried and warm. Churro was tasty but was more soft than crispy. Chocolate ganache log was my favorite; you could tell the chocolate was of high quality.  -  - Overall, I was very disappointed in the quality and execution of the food especially the hot items. The only reason I am even giving Baccchanal 2 stars is for the thoughtful/tasty dessert items.	2014-06-16	2	1	3
n_PGKP_qrmVcA88V7Pm4pA	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	4	Every time I have come here the food is tasty and hot. The variety of appealing items is endless and you won't leave hungry or unhappy. There are plenty of crab legs to go around, a live teppanyaki, a station to make your ownasian soups, etc. The reason I go is the great food for a great locals price. Monday through Thursday locals get half off lunch and dinner excluding holidays as long they bring a Nevada id. Awesome!! One id is good for two people, so load up the car and come out.	2010-02-15	0	0	0
FP7blgk6gInKPblInB3t5w	QdHebEly47rw2nrfbUCMMA	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	1	I have to update my review due to a very shocking experience. Despite the store having a lot of cute stuff, they sell FAKE merchandise too. I was fooled into buying prize only gloomy bears, and the items are wrapped so its difficult to inspect tags.  -  - Another thing I noticed was an alarming number of FAKE san-x goods, particularly large sized Rilakkumas. I don't know if the store realizes these are fakes, but I DO NOT support any store that sells counterfeit merchandise.	2011-01-15	0	0	1
eunh1IKlXMJXkmzQkq81Vg	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	ie38wJhGTHqb3gx9DRuGug	5	This is our go-to place when we have business folks in from out of town. Most our guests are from back East and they say they know a thing or two about steak until they come here. Now we have one client that won't go anywhere else (not even the other Mastro affiliates like Ocean Club).  I'm not disappointed either - this is by far the best of the best.  -  - The atmosphere is tasteful, subdued and classy - although a bit dark in the main area - sometimes too dark to see your menu - we all got our glasses on and one guy even pulled out a mini flash light on his key chain. But - if you've been here enough times (guilty) then you don't need the menu - you know what you want and it's always the bone in Kansas City for me. Bone in makes all the difference - I tried the sirloin and while still amazing, just can't beat the sizzle of the bone in.  -  - The seafood tower is a testament to overindulgence and splurge - you pick what you want on there from shrimp to oysters, crab claws, etc. and it comes out on 1-3 iced trays all stacked and ready to devour. The wine list is top notch with the classics as well as new ones to try and don't forget to order some port after dinner!  -  - The sides are amazing as well, the crab gnocchi is deceiving - for our table of 5 they brought out a tiny skillet of this side and we thought we were being cheated - oh was I wrong - you put a small spoonful on your plate and it is so dense and rich that you swear it expanded to 4 times its size when it hit your gut. The lobster mashed potatoes are to die for and even the veggies have some sort of magical power that make you go mmmmm....spinach! -  - For desert you cannot beat the butter cake - hey - you're splurging so go for broke! It is warm, with a bit of crunch outside and velvet inside. The key lime pie is also a hit and a perfect way to cool off after such a heavy meal.  -  - The service - well I've never seen its equal. There when you need them and never overbearing. Drinks are always full, plates are taken when the moment they need to be, crumbs wiped and napkin folded when you return from the restroom. Then you get to take your leftovers home (there will be plenty) and enjoy it all over again in your sweats the next day.	2011-05-09	0	0	1
mQH2aTINLB6sBX7JutmpzQ	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	BAjCPmDeN-922sxUuUufhg	5	Border Grill at Mandalay Bay was awesome! By that I mean we were only in Vegas two days and we ate there twice. Good, fresh ingredients, quality Mexican food. The weekend brunch was so good and a great deal - like an all you can eat buffet but better because it is prepared to order. There are about 15 small plates on the menu and you can try as many as you want. They were all excellent. We will definitely go back anytime we are in Vegas. Great view from the top patio overlooking the Mandalay pools.	2011-05-23	0	0	0
Bti6w6rnVWOyCJTHqyzNkg	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	dB7-x4PxV7V1NfKajY4itA	4	I just ate here and Iam stuffed! -  - My group order the following: - Full order of BBQ Ribs pork  - Full order of BBQ ribs beef - Corn chowder  - Tri tip salad  - Jambalaya	2013-09-18	0	0	0
23JxDEYsvAjxYReK1B4h9w	AWJgaGmK4aIy_PIuTYKjJA	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Very helpful every time I visit.	2012-05-05	0	0	0
BMdp6iZhr6FF2Je73NmQ1g	MzGatC-mzv9pIe1f6yhXFw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We popped into this location to grab some allergy medicine for someone in our group.  This place was gigantic for this chain.  They had tons of options from the regular convenience chain necessities to tourist deals (magnets, post cards, etc.).  We snatched up a few post cards so we could send them to family and they were much cheaper here then in several of the surrounding locations.   -  - If you need a quick stop off for a bottle of water or medicine to take care of any ailments you may get from being on the Strip - this is a great stop! -  - Overall: A - Clean, easy and quick to get in and out!	2013-12-16	1	1	1
XNh0E5x3FPQkdM28AgCtRw	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	5	This is THE place to go. Always busy, lunch or dinner, and their food is always superior. I've eaten here many times and I'm never disappointed. Their sushi is wonderful (I wish you guys would serve halibut!!) and their noodles are out of this world. Love the soba, chicken Parmesan, and especially the Salmon Cream Sauce. -  - Looking upon the menu, a newcomer would think that the owners are crazy; this place offers cuisine from Thailand, Korea, Japan...and ITALY...but they do it well. I cannot rave enough about their kitchen and the guys scurrying like madmen at the grill. Bravo. -  - Bravo goes out to Yuka, who is the real star of the show. She's a fantastic server. After knowing her for a couple of years, she now greets me with a hug and an ever-present loud and genuinely warm greeting.  -  - I will never tire of this place. Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe sets the bar high and keeps it there.	2013-05-30	3	0	2
gN9CTs55vqk1qwQYNYRV3g	SDciNW-3TnC2ro8WzDrEvw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	I was a bit wary of getting my eyebrows threaded but since I use Retin-A to prevent aging (yeah...getting old sucks) waxing becomes quite a pain (basically your skin is sensitive so it tends to rip off easier when you wax...ouchie). So I decided to give this place a whirl.  -  - Laura sat me right down and totally rocked the house on my eyebrows. She gave me a beautiful arch and it didn't hurt hardly at all....its actually kind of a weird feeling. Like Belle L said in her review you could just dust the little hairs off and be on your way...and as a mom to the monkeys I appreciate not having to go home to put some ice on to calm the redness....I just don't have the time.  -  - Lastly, its CHEAPER than waxing. I paid $15 for all that I needed plus tip. I will DEFINITELY be back here for most of my hair removal needs (I think they stay away from the bikini area...but I could be wrong).	2011-06-18	4	2	5
nYQQFvt3aX2udJ6HDk3chw	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	9yyOm0M0e0UAICGzXZLCmA	5	"WooHoo! As good as it gets!" -  - ... Well at least for a buffet. -  - I took a trip to Vegas with my parents who were admitted "Haters" of Sin City... They stayed at The Wynn... I Stayed at The Rio. I tried to impress them with all the sites of the Vegas strip keeping them from just crashing in their room watching t.v. taking them to nice dining experiences and fun spectacles. our last day they took me to their buffet at their hotel for breakfast.... HOLY CRAP! This is barely a buffet at all! We were seated in this area filled with HUGE flower arrangements and served our beverages. and were directed into the area where the food was...  - The options here were displayed in small, single serving portions whenever possible and were promptly replaced with new fresh items each time something was taken.  - We all know what we get when we get our buffet on... Not here. This food tasted fresh even if I dare say fresh and homemade.  - Never did I wait for a used plate to be taken away. Not to mention the plates and service ware were top notch as well. as nice or nicer than what I have at home.  - My beverage never went dry either.  - This place may not have the variety or the size of other buffets in Las Vegas, but I would rather go for quality than quantity anyway. - All this and you would think that it would be pretty pricey... but I think that its was a few dollars cheaper than other buffets I tried in Vegas. In the $20 per person range.	2013-02-23	0	0	0
YGjJqIA6k_fM0WUJluhzdg	j5gjpWwAVP12-WopcSo5YQ	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	5	I used his free consultation to receive a second opinion for orthodontic work that I had done by a different doctor. I kind of expected it to be like a sales pitch, however not only he spent lots of his time to examine my braces, teeth, and my jaw, instead he did not even suggest me that I leave my current doctor and he even offered to talk to my current doctor to guide him what to do with my braces. -  - He answered all my questions and he genuinely cared about my situation. I wish I did my research and got braces from him.  -  - His office is very clean and inviting and all the staff are very friendly, too. -  - I highly recommend him!!! I really wish I could have my braces done by him....	2012-08-16	0	0	2
Bg-9DhnQV-aWLM10LJ_OVw	UIhFRsZoPTWY38njcKKWiw	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	1	Overrated and not worth my drive to this side of town.  -  - First of all, when I make any kind of electronics purchase, I always do my homework...this way, I know if I'm paying too much for something.  -  - My first experience with Fry's was back in 1996 when I moved to L.A. When the one here in Vegas opened up, I visited...and altogether, have shopped here at least five times since it opened. I have purchased copy paper, CDroms, SD cards, a camcorder and a camera here. Despite how much I've spent, it's only because I felt I got value for my dollar.  -  - Yet today, it was proven why I should never patronize this store again. I waiting in the computer department for a grand total of 45 minutes. I'm the type of shopper that looks around before I bother an associate. I don't like wasting people's time so once I narrowed down my choices to three different printers, I went for help. I politely interrupted a guy who was chitchatting with a fellow co-worker about on work-related crap and he said he would have someone meet me in the printer department as soon as an associate became available. So I waited. And waited. And waited. I counted about nine associates wandering around aimlessly within the computer department (yes I know some could have ACTUALLY been working) and I even felt like I was getting the shaft. (For what it's worth, the same guy who told me that someone would be with me, came back to me and said, "You're next. Someone will be here in just a second." NO ONE EVER CAME TO THE PRINTERS!)  What ticked me off about this whole thing...is that I WORK IN RETAIL AND HAVE BEEN IN RETAIL FOR 15+ years and I can assure you that if any of my employees had neglected any customers the way I was neglected, they would have been warned and I know it would never happen again.  -  - My hubby got so pissed he walked off and said, "Let's not spend out money here." I waited. I said, "5 more minutes." After the 5 minutes were up, we walked away...not before I left my cart full of stuff in the middle of an aisle. PSSTTSHHHT.....don't pay attention to me...go ahead and do my go-backs.  -  - P.S. If any higher ups working for Fry's Electronics are reading this, the employee morale in your Vegas store SUCKS and your store isn't even clean and organized. :P Oh...and maybe you shouldn't allow your employees to text or check their FB when they're on the clock...especially when people are about to drop $$$ and your employees ignore them.  -  - P.P.S. I went across the street at STAPLES and not only did the associate pay attention to me, he walked me through the details of my new printer...that was $70.00 CHEAPER than your advertised price!!	2011-07-05	0	2	2
vPLMbhFN2Q3B23AX6T4sNg	mopddAK-ajxxRcN9w6YGHQ	dlW-2n1W1i86ihqF3-0cVw	5	Love LOVED my trip to Sundrops.  Had everything I was looking for in a nail place- cute girly decor, perfect for a bit of time with gal pals, clean atmosphere, friendly staff AND my manicure stayed looking good for a week (reg. nail polish, not even shellac).  They didn't over file nails and the pedicure was pleasant not painful.   -  - Also, though I know some have complained about the price, I went on a day they were offering a special on FB and I found the overall price fairly comparable, maybe only $5-$10 more than some of the other strip-mall fare.  It was weeell worth it and I must say, comparable since some of the other salons charge your for each little thing--sugar scrub/callous removal is extra for a pedi, really? -  - Overall, EXCELLENT experience, I would most definitely recommend.	2011-03-11	0	0	1
nzRoo08YZFyjuSTmOx2rLw	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	n4OR3DVPPMbJDlsPK3xjaA	4	Great seafood - Blue Point oysters are so fresh and you don't want to miss. The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating is ... it is pretty loud and the price range is high. The quality of the service is not consistent - either you get a super good server or lazy one. Overall, I always go home happy after visiting there :)	2014-03-29	0	0	0
eAjYuEwglxv4RyCjnA2UZw	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	This is most definitely one of the nicer buffets in Vegas. They offered anything and everything you could possibly want! Vegan sliders, to fresh crab legs, to gumbo, to dim sum... it was all there along with SO much more. Some buffets offer a good variety of food, but the quality just isn't there... that's not the case here. Every item I chose was excellent! The dessert station here was also a step above the rest. They even had gourmet flavors of gelato including oreo and caramel pretzel. Take that, vanilla! -  - I enjoyed the layout of this particular buffet as well. Many are located in the center of the casino property, giving them a cafeteria feel, where this one actually had windows surrounding the dining area with nice views of palm trees and the pretty landscaping.	2013-12-14	2	0	2
4vJhiT_zfN7gqqRcCtfS2g	UyKNaZFGA3p63UM7esDAsg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I love this place so much.  The staff has always been great with me, friendly, and patient.  The office is clean, from their waiting room, front desk, to their bathrooms, and exam rooms.  The doctors are all amazing, such sweet people.  This place is no where near my house, we're talking 25 or so miles a way and I still drive out here to see them.  That should be an indication of amazing service they provide.  Love this place.	2014-04-24	0	0	0
qCSyg6DVfZxZfqPXih0yfw	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	Yp__0HBYhkwYYjaOCoN39Q	5	All I have to say is I love this place. -  - I've always had great experiences here.  I've come here a couple of times since they opened, and they have changed a few things but I still love it here.  The environment is cool and fun and there are so many mouth water food choices.  Even if you are just coming here for drinks, get their donut dessert!! They make it fresh and it comes with 3 dipping sauces.  Amazing!	2012-07-04	2	0	0
Rz6ik1h5dxnuLb-BqGqyHA	iDVVyTPcZq1UCJSw_xpeWQ	X-b0du6ivnH6x9zuvSxoYg	1	I'm actually extremely disappointed. I am a local and went to get a month membership the other day to enjoy the spa facilities for the month. I was extremely excited because I had a walk through a few weeks prior and was pleased with what I saw. The two most important things to me ,aside from cleanliness and customer service, is the steam room and sauna. I purchase my membership head on down to the spa, again, very excited. I get my locker change and go sit in the steam room. This is where everything gets turned around. The steam room is cold! It turns on and then shuts off after 30 seconds give or take and then you sit there freezing. I came out with completely dry hair and skin. I then decided to jump in the sauna, figured it would be hot in there, nope! It's at a warm temp. I then call the lady over who's working and asked her what was going on she stuck her hand in the sauna and said it's kind of warm. Wait, what? Kind of warm? Saunas are supposed to make you sweat and steam rooms are supposed to make you sweat as well and wet. I asked her to check the steam room and she said it turns on every 15 minutes. I asked her if they could make it more frequent because it's cold in there and she just nope (with an attitude) and walks away. This is not what I was expecting , I was so appalled. I grabbed my stuff left and asked for a refund. I was extremely disappointed. If you're looking for a steam or sauna avoid this place at all cost!	2014-02-12	0	1	0
8SGU9KOX0YAZ3MY8pYYn9g	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	vq_sxdDkCUNzGHJIoZAX8Q	1	One of the worst service I've ever experienced. We were standing to be seated and even when it was not busy. The hostess didn't greet us or anything and when we talked to her to seat us she told us to wait. And just stood there. When we were seated, we didn't get any menus. Took over 30 minutes for them to come get our order after we told them we were ready. When we got our food, there was no silverware. We also asked for hot sauce, didn't get it. We had to ask for our check 3 times before we got it. They didn't give us a pen to sign our credit card. We asked several of times too. Food was mediocre. Never coming back.	2014-04-21	1	1	2
RLs7b3nxqVb32OmjbCmf3Q	_BixD7yelciWJchKldbKkQ	IbMsrn5HAu-uf10sjkFnng	1	I hate the biggest toy store there is. - Gee wiz. - They do have good prices but it's the worst shopping experience and they sell sooo much CRAP.  - The staff I dealt with there (checkout person) however was very pleasant. - The only reason I have for posting this review is to encourage people to shop the small businesses on etsy and in your local area. It's worth the extra bit of money. - Buy less and buy better quality!	2013-12-13	0	0	0
APwZW-tV4xy2T6PKvZtvQQ	tn5SXZvWiT-uVsjXLGSrww	oK51R-573U_oB6tLslClLg	5	This is one of the best buffets in Vegas. If your a seafood lover like my husband and I the price you pay is so worth it.  -  - They have crab legs, served steamed or cold, lobster tails, raw oysters, crawfish, clams, mussels .... The clam chowder is a must have and of course there's non seafood items too like the beef ribs which is so moist and it falls right off the bone.  -  - Here's a Tip: I do recommend stopping by the half price ticket counters that you see on the strip to save $11 at the buffet.	2014-06-24	0	0	7
urzPzGm1teJajS2NfbBEIg	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	3uzKR_e4N7x7yDBr-w9fGw	1	This site makes you give a star- but I would like everyone to know that I am giving ZERO stars.. DO NOT book a reservation at all with Gallo Blanco- they can not handle it....I booked a birthday party for 24 (with two months notice)... and they dropped the ball, BIG TIME!!! - ~Service...slow to non existent and our server was RUDE!  - ~Food... sparse and WAY overpriced for a sit down meal... - ~Bar...is it a hassle to order a drink?  It is at Gallo Blanco...we bought bottles of wine  -  - 1. Our food was over an hour and a half late (reservations at 7:30pm and food was still coming out at 9:45pm!!!....it's tacos folks.....and there was not enough food for everyone!!! - 2. We had NO water, (we were seated outside!!!!!) - 3. Impossible to get drinks or water at bar... -  - * When reporting problems to the owner, Denise, she sent me an email offering no apologies or acknowledgement that guests were upset...  Rather, she sent me a copy of the order to the kitchen, which just proved that the kitchen and staff were wrong in regards to amount of food to be served!!!!   - The most disgusting part of the whole ordeal was her closing to her email, which said: - "At this point, and will all due respect, we are done."   -  - GALLO BLANCO HAS ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -  - P.S. The Clarendon is not affiliated with Gallo Blanco.....is just houses the restaurant unfortunately.	2012-06-10	1	1	5
P-1sfhIZyphQ-gyqlZdi6A	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	fQd0MUECj1uMLYwUPRqJdw	4	Cheap! Hits the spot.  -  - It was good homemade Korean food fused with more than decent Mexican food. Another good place to go if you're on a budget in Vegas.	2014-06-29	0	0	0
bQx9nzxALLWL1qdawDu-UQ	8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ	MR0N19L6C1MbUNuuJkxZeQ	4	I loved that when I was checking in I was offered an otter pop.  The staff were the friendliest people I've encountered at a hotel.  The pool was beautiful and it was fun going on the rooftop deck to view the city.  The room was very cool but there were a few small details that could be improved.  The lighting above the vanity was missing a lightbulb and the ones that were there didn't match.This was a hotel with character that I can't wait to stay at again!	2012-07-05	0	0	2
f8yQp2KwQr8J4noDPpB_uA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	OOLEEaWVDBGqcuHRsVWinA	1	This review is not about the quality of food or the service from 99% of the employees at Ichiza, it's about one individual male host and his lack of customer service. i've frequented this restaurant many times and always have had a great experience but last night made me question if i ever will go back.  -  - My wife and i showed up and waited behind a group of 3, all the tables were occupied which is normal at this place. I had told the host that we preferred a table and he told me that the bar was available soon. When it was our turn to be seated a table was just clearing up as another group of 3 individuals was just arriving. After telling the host that we prefer to be seated at the table that was being cleared, he told us in a very rude tone "you can not sit there, it's for 4 people." He then proceeds to sit the the group that had just arrived after my wife and i had been waiting patiently. He then proceeds to walk us over to the bar to show us our seats. After taking a second to take this all in, i was so upset about how we were just treated, my wife and i walked out of the restaurant. This was a slow night and their were couples in the restaurant seated at 4 tops and for us to be told that we were not able to do the same was ridiculous. There was also a full bench in the back of the restaurant that was completely unoccuppied. -  - I've recommended this place to many of my clientel who wants to get away from the Strip but never again, this unacceptable hospitality. The food may be decent but service always comes first.	2012-06-08	1	0	2
YCaNFkD2fdSpRC4_n8JjUQ	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	2	This Lee's sandwich suck.  All California Lee's sandwiches even the ghetto one  are much better.  Dakao sandwich by Lindell and Spring Mountain is better.	2013-09-24	0	0	0
BoNNfLWR3IbFRkXJ_CudYQ	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	Xm4H62d1fjA21Q5iwvfQxw	5	One of two best burgers I've ever had - hands down! The other was at Plan Check in West LA (you can bet I have a review for it). -  - I shared the Euro Burger (truffle aoli, goat cheese + arugula, oven roasted tomato) with a friend, which ended up being a good idea since we filled up on roasted jalapeo poppers and beer-battered Maui onion rings first. The burger was so juicy, with tons of flavor from each of the elements. Only thing missing were bacon and avocado, but purely because I looove those two ingredients on any burger or sandwich. -  - Service is big with me, so I was happy that it was as equally exquisite as the food. Our waiter was extremely friendly and accomodating. Even pulled the manager out to have a laugh with us. -  - Although I wasn't able to get to BurGR in my last visit to Vegas, I plan to make it a regular stop for a casual, yet high-quality meal.	2013-10-11	1	0	2
lejWwrcdxeM9g04xJRZJRQ	3e9IUI5Dt-ktDKEQNkENVA	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	1	Satan's playground.	2006-09-14	1	8	1
zT2ntDkyvBood5iI6J4cYw	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	9etVUrqT3kPS4c4hEV7UXw	5	Wow!! Great Service, Fresh Sashimi I will Definitely go back!! -  no liquor license so  Bring your own Beer or Wine and they will provide a glass:-))	2013-04-29	0	0	0
8C5uDSeGKLwloGRR0Ji-tg	roymvpm55gNjDRf-es2PKg	WkqZndijFBDI5Br5U4FnvA	5	They were very nice! Got me in right away-good price and GREAT pedi massage chairs!	2013-05-28	0	0	0
DDbQit0I_vTnp3kBNmPD7w	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	hf1sMYNHOxisdUlakvYKQA	3	36.00 for a whole pizza.. the wait was about 30 mins.. did a phone order so i dont have to wait in line.. it's good but i wouldnt say i would wait for this.. the only reason i did it was because my friends wanted to eat this..	2014-05-07	1	0	1
XleDP37r9FNwMivCLCDKag	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	4	I arrived at 2:24 and the new host told us the last seating was at 2:30. He made it seem as if it was already 2:30 and could not seat us. I asked for the high top table and he said that area is closed. Then the manager looked straight at him and said it's okay to seat them there. So minus one star for the new host.  -  - I ordered the free range chicken sandwich with a side green salad. The chicken was juicy, lettuce/tomatoes very fresh, and the bread was thick and tasted homemade. Only complaint was that I could not taste the pesto flavor in the pesto mayonnaise.  -  - The manager Marisa gave us a sample of their biscuits with strawberry compote. The biscuits were made well and had the right amount of sweetness vs saltiness. Marisa is a great manager and you can tell she enjoys her job. -  - I wonder why they close at 3 on weekdays and 2 on weekends. I would think it would be the opposite because of the weekends being busier.  -  - All in all I can tell they take pride in their food and I can't wait to come back and try them for breakfast.	2014-05-24	2	0	1
SKKi_BRsxg9G8AqPRc2p9Q	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	LhoFewTGC9ooaJiSY18OMQ	3	Stumbled across this burger joint after watching Love (great show by the way, even if you're not a huge Beatles fan). -  - What we ordered. -  - Kobe sliders:  Got three different mini sliders, all cooked different ways.  I requested medium, but two of them were close to being well-done, while one was done medium.  I couldn't even tell the difference between these burgers and regular burgers.  The one which was done correctly was tasty, but by the time I got to that one, I was already disappointed. -  - Lamb:  Definitely not what we expected, but that's a good thing.  It's worth trying as you get flavors you are not used to finding in a burger. -  - Onion Rings: No complaints here.   -  - Noticed the Banh Mi burger on the menu.  Right out, the waiter recommended us to stay away.  Not sure what they were trying to accomplish here, but this is a bad representation if you are expecting geniuine Vietnamese sandwiches. -  - In the end, you get okay burgers for above average casino prices.	2010-02-25	0	0	0
Id1FhGM-qX5TdBjzfNeyfw	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	FTmZJKwDbw-er52-fTPrUA	4	What is the opposite of Tapas?  This place!  I went for the Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes. I could only eat a 1/4 of it sans the carbs.  It was really interesting that I could taste each of the items and could mix and match.  I thought the chicken was good even though I took most of the batter on it.  You have to try it and go with more people and share.  Trust me people = small village because that entre could feed a small village.  Enjoy it's Las Vegas	2012-12-19	0	0	0
62xUvIgJLQCbPI6hzj_L-g	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because now I have a reason to go back!  I don't quite know how to describe this place.  A treasure a midst the Dunlap traffic, a jewel in Sunnyslope.  My guess is they hope to capture the John C Lincoln Hospital crowd but even if they don't, they have captured me.  This is not your ordinary bar food.  Our waiter, Anthony, was helpful and attentive and described everything since they do their own beer (I loved the Pale Ale).  Happy hour food was oysters (not my thing) but Anthony said they are working to enhance it.  Burgers with fried egg (my fav), pretzel rolls with dipping sauces, Shreiner sausage plate.  We split a flatbread pizza and a side order of roasted brussel sprouts.  But the kicker is the Vanilla malt...made from the fermented sugar they use to make the beer.  OMG.  I have been looking for an affordable neighborhood place to relax, eat REALLY good food, nice ambiance...I think I may have just found it.	2013-05-09	0	0	0
NfNam_F-Fx7uJkTYEKe1eA	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	5	I adore this restaurant. I just love it. I've eaten here more than a dozen times. It's a shame I haven't gotten around to writing any reviews. So here I go! -  - Good to be able to see the kitchen. Not the cleanest in the world, but it certainly doesn't scare me off. The head chef/owner NEVER takes any days off. He's always there, cooking up a frenzy. I admire his work ethic. -  - The food is amazing. Love the Dragon Eggs (crispy) for the appetizer. Their Galee Gai is simply delicious. Their awesome soup Tom Yum Gai is worthy of an award.  -  - You can go anywhere you want on this menu and you won't make any wrong turns. -  - The ONLY comment (note that it's not a complaint) is that some of their servers do not have full command of the English language. Knowing that they emigrated from Thailand and seeing their extremely cheerful disposition just makes everything ok. Just speak slowly and be understanding: they are, after all, in a big and strange country. If you happen to have the same server I had, just smile and be nice. You'll be justly rewarded!  -  - This restaurant sets the standard of service, food quality and overall experience. I cannot wait to go back.	2013-05-14	0	0	0
wqDxWVLIKqd_4kFaP050AQ	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	AZOt2U4X4J8w9hUgqe6oyg	1	Ate there today.  Horrible experience! Service was totally absent. I gave a waiter the empty coffee carafe and he never came back.  The only thing I found good to eat was the cold shrimp and the omelet.  Most of the promised menu was absent.  No  sliders or shrimp & grits.  No chicken wings.  The meat they called prime rib was over cooked, dry and tasteless.  The entertainment was a movie for the first hour and the a few women singing - I expected a choir.	2013-09-22	0	0	0
3LF233I31-3Bg64w67P5Jg	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	HslReRAnURM1qrOTT0kZ5w	4	First off, the hostesses need to appreciate the fact that the waiting ritual here is a bit unique to first timers even when you know about the wait. Our scenario: -  - Hostess: It'll be about 2 hours. - Us: Ok, no problem. - (Walk around downtown, go to Fate for appetizers, come back 2 hours later) - Us: What's the ETA? - Hostess: You left?! (Weird shuffling and glancing at reservation list, no feedback) - Us: ...Uh yeah (thinking that it was 2 hours to kill). - Hostess: Keep waiting. -  - Despite 3 hours, this turned out to be a good spot for entertaining my out-of-town friend (especially since she loves pizza and is highly susceptible to hype). If it's not a hot night and you have a few downtown bars in your repertoire, you can make a good time of walking, talking, and relaxing during your wait.  -  - Personally, the pizza was too thin for my style (On one piece, it felt like my ingredients were touching me through the crust). However, my friend raved about how it was the best she'd ever had. Since I was entertaining her, I was really happy with the place. There are a lot of little quirks about Pizzeria Bianco, but there's something about the whole package that works into a really memorable experience and I think this is what the high profile reviews tap into.	2007-05-25	3	0	4
SG8IAwR5DBdqrBUiFjEcXg	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	5	Hubert is a classy chef! I had nothing but high expectations for his food, especially his burger. I have seen his over the top, expensive burger in his other restaurant, I just knew he would be able to pull it off. After just having two over priced dry sliders at Holsteins Burgers, I did not want to consume any more beef. I was surprised Burger Bar offered a salmon burger. I ordered it cooked well done, which worried me, I believed it would be dry flaky salmon. When the burger arrived, to my surprise the salmon steak was very thick. I was expecting more of a salmon patty. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, I dove right in. I ordered it with garlic aioli, spinach, and avocados. The bread was the perfect thickness to contain the juiciness of the salmon. The fries were also amazing, fresh and lightly seasoned. Nothing like Holstein's potato twigs. To add the the amazing food, the service was spot on. The server was attentive and polite. There was absolutely nothing wrong with his restaurant. I could find no critique. I would be happy to go again and have a different burger and try one of his shakes. I did not get to try a shake because I had a Mai tai, which tasted very sweet and then punched you with the rum.	2012-12-31	0	0	0
somGMDkia5qdNDaJL3knUw	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	4	I thought the food and the service were great. My favorite was the flank steak. Go figure. I am not sure if I just ate too much or something else was wrong, but I was sick all night after I ate here. It makes me hesitate to go back, which is too bad, because I was eager to go back before I got sick. Desserts are about $7.50 and are good but not totally necessary.	2009-01-26	1	0	1
VLj9ECxHHcvuoKvkr_VY0Q	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	First time to @galloblanco tonight. What a great experience! -  - Went for a social/journalist type event, #JDEB. Had a nice evening, chatting, getting to know a few new people. -  - Enjoyed the $5 pints of hefeweizen, and appreciated the bartender's attentiveness to my dislike of fruit in my beer. (Orange in wheat beer?! Amateur!) -  - After a while, the hunger set in, and a few of us decided to have dinner in the restaurant. -  - I ordered the sopa del dia, which was chicken tortilla, and the breakfast burrrito (served all day, woot!) which was chorizo and egg, one of the few perfect meals in existence. -  - I had high hopes and expectations for this meal, as many of my friends dine here regularly. -  - The food did not disappoint in the slightest! -  - The soup was VERY hearty! Chock full of generous chunks of chicken, and flavorful bits of tortilla, and plenty of flavor. Delicious! And nearly a meal on its own. -  - But I was hungry, so not quite. -  - The burrito was superb! For starters, it was huge. Given the price, and the type of establishment I had assumed GB to be, I wasn't expecting such a large portion. -  - Nonetheless, the burrito was delicious, and had plenty of egg and chorizo, and a very tasty pico, rolled into a nice-sized tortilla. -  - The bartender, as well as our restaurant server, were attentive, and very personable. -  - Oh, did I mention they serve Cartel Coffee? -  - Yes. Another plus for them. -  - Gallo is on the west side of town, and a distance south of me, but I think it is now imperative that I return, as often as possible. -  - I am dying to try their chilaquiles! And the guac, as I didn't get the chance tonight. -  - Yes, I will be back, without question!	2010-05-27	1	1	3
WsFaOBF5DIuODdxALt5nvg	gHq5ZzOCvQ7-2pVCpORy6A	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Twelve years ago when we moved here this mall was undergoing an expansion.  It was the added wing where it was 'Teen Central' Abercrombie, Hollister PacSun perfect for my then middle and high school aged kids.  This mall through the decade has come thru for my family. Especially during back to school. They had all their favorite retail shops. I like it's always been family friendly. Ive watched and been involved with school choirs, dance groups, community events that have taken place here.  -  - The mall is clean. Parking is easy, except during holidays. I feel safer shopping here than at some of the older malls in the valley.  I like that their security will walk you to your car if you request it. Most of the time they are standing out in front by food court entrance and will gladly walk you to your car if you ask.  -  - I like other services they have here to like the jewelry repair Fast Fix, I discovered Jessica the tailor over at Best Alterations she's the best! I love they have specialty boutique shops. My favorite go to for couture ready to wear is seeing Sharon over at Coco's Gifts.   -  - Now fast forward 12 years Galleria started phase 1 of a much need makeover during the summer!  It was looking a bit outdated. Finally the last phase is completed!  Just in time for the holidays and I'm loving it!  I love the facelift and updated look! It really has a lifestyle center ish feel to it. Like the new furniture and conversational seating areas throughout the mall. New handrails, new flooring? I don't remember it being marble. It is now.  -  - The storefronts got makeovers too. It just looks alot more sleeker and more streamlined when you look at it.  I really like what they did to the food court too. New lighting fixtures and new dining areas with all kinds of seating configurations. High table tops and counter like seating were added.  -  - They did great at targeting the shopping demographics as well. -  - I like the tenants they've brought in like H&M and Tokyo World! Looking forward to the new Filipino food place in the food court. That's a first!  This mall rat approves.	2013-12-05	5	3	7
3ugcbDSRK0ZQ7N50HV0ZHg	HHNnxstKEjJ0ofgoKk1jSg	Nxm_abWdGVyH6CGwuH0Eqg	5	i have been in a car accident 10 years ago ,been in pain ever since ,seen many chiropractors they all helped a little but i could not see much progress until i found spine builder ,in just a few weeks i felt 80 percent better i could actually lift my arm above my head which i thought would never  be possible again,they customized a treatment plan according to my own needs	2011-08-16	0	0	0
Ubv7ZjPhnGDGWtcwaQ7kLw	dfOFgjhuEp5GdHJhVzjOAA	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	We love this place. $20 for a one hour massage? Hell yes! Staffs friendly and the light up trees are kitschy fun!	2013-08-21	0	0	1
yO5pOuxR78i_GLDvI-G6FA	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	dINoNY-20S8FlMj03o-ptQ	4	You must go like 11:30ish to get a good spot fast... I think we got there like 12:45ish ended up waiting 45 minutes.  -  - Wait was kind of worth it since I liked our view.  -  - Food was nothing overly special being that I've had really good foods in NYC...   -  - Service was great, everything was out promptly. Good place to try.	2011-12-02	0	0	0
xxvEpyy2ntc7ZC3m6plY4Q	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	6ws6UtB_Co8ruJHwvc5xtQ	2	Ugh I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately it doesn't work that way. My girlfriend and I have driven passed this place a few times and since she loves Mexican food and it was our anniversary, we decided to give it a try. Initial impression of the place was good, great music, nice atmosphere, we walked in with smiles. After a 5ish minute wait we were seated and received our complementary chips and salsa. Chips were good, salsa was meh. This is where the experience went downhill. To make it short, horrible horrible service, we probably read the entire menu 5 times before anyone showed up. Anyway, on to the food, we both ordered carne asada tacos and carnitas tacos. Let me say, I enjoyed the pork tacos, good flavor, nice and juicy, very good. The carne asada on the other hand tasted like I was eating a burnt charcoal piece of meat. Once our mediocre meal was complete, we decided to take a nap since we had plenty of time before our server checked up on us. After giving us our bill twice (really?) we finally paid and left. Ugh this location is close and we had high hopes but alas another restaurant bites the dust.	2013-10-02	0	0	0
CdDmlmo-GmlKCZIX4OBGpQ	EX6vhAsNRceoJ0avc6sl0g	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Great old school barber shop.	2012-07-17	2	0	0
SXFUnJhF17Cds0WFXzObFA	vEeiIvhzz29rO-6EPFqkjQ	am9dkAb9mOzClRgO7pEvNQ	5	Absolutely delicious food. This is where I take my friends if I want to show them a good dining experience for breakfast.	2009-10-11	0	0	0
rikh4QDaBAfTewnJuuvgOw	qt7FbvoCU6aJvZ9CgiN6bg	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	The staff here was very helpful starting with the female associate who greeted us when we walked in the door.. We were looking for a suit for the Father of the Bride.  I didn't want it too formal nor too business like since our daughter's invitation said "causal but classy" attire.   Dennis the store manager knew which suits would work out and the ones he picked worked out perfectly for Mr. B.  -  - Measurements from the fittings were accurate. The tailor work done was perfect. The prices for the suit was super reasonable. The suit was ready on posted date. We allowed one month in advance though to avoid last minute stress.   -  - The place was pretty busy but the staff here managed to give each of their customers personal attention.  So five stars for a good experience here.	2013-12-28	0	0	2
gMEkTBCkHU4XnoRHaZe6tw	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	a_unrewcU4xjatdAIvxk6Q	1	Salad was awesome but we had to have pizza made twice and there still was no sauce on the pizza.  For the price charged the pizza should be perfect - everytime.	2013-12-19	0	0	0
pc0U11jgamT4V62uAVcDiw	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	uZetl9T0NcROGOyFfughhg	4	I went to Lux for a change of studying atmosphere the other evening.  I was lucky enough to find a seat at a table to get down to business.   -  - This is my second visit to Lux and both times I truly enjoyed the pastry I treated myself to and my coffee.  My soy latte was perfect.  The staff is friendly and the crowd is diverse.  I enjoyed the music and atmosphere.  Lux always seems to be a busy spot and I can see why.  While everyone seems to love Lux, I'm not in love with it, but then again, I'm very picky.  ;)	2010-05-14	0	0	1
HGdaqkycoV1dd5ZjXwxPug	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	-q-oqfDCV6WiJJrsSXIawg	5	The location will throw you off. It is surrounded by businesses and a couple of strip clubs along the way.  It is located on Dean Martin and Post, to be exact, so no one will get lost. The decor of the place, once you find it is a nice combination of modern and old. The food is delicious and the servers are very attentive. The tacos are delightful and the burgers are very good. The cranberry burger, I know sounds different, is very tasty. There is a great sweet taste from the cranberry and the saltiness of the meat makes it a perfect synthesis. The main problem with the place is the space. Lunch time and dinner time, the place becomes filled to the brink. Make sure that you come along before the rush hour, be warned.	2013-08-01	0	1	1
7PScwZ1c1bfAr6y0alMU0A	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	EdeqsbwZRRv361K1-_z7FA	2	So this is my second visit.  Had the corned beef hash both times, first time service was ok, not the most attentive but adequate.  This time around the corned beef was not as good as the first time: this time it seemed like more potato than meat which is disappointing.  So may not come back for corned beef next time.  My party seemed to enjoy their food the most part, the chicken fried steak my sister in law had was very fatty and far too breaded.  Service this time was pretty bad, never checked how our food was, never bothered to see if we needed more beverages till we had to ask.  I asked for more water and only half the table got water...  So service is really lacking.  We were also very bothered that not just w our table but the table next to us when we were still eating or had food on our plate.  It was a clear ploy to get us going since they are backed up on a wait, but never rush your guests... Bad form.  Sure other people are giving 5 stars but I'm wondering they are being objective.  This place has some improvements to had if we are to come back.	2014-06-08	0	0	0
3KIlkrvQWO1_lmBJ_lbYQQ	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	Lq19EfZtOB0lRWH39saEyg	5	iono about you TODAI, but this place has the best AYCE sushi  -  - the first time i came here when i was in vegas, i was too hungover so i didnt have room in my stomach for AYCE so i just ordered 2 rolls special of my choice out of their selection and it was last then $10. i dont remember what i got but i all i know is that the rolls i got were fresh and comforting -  - so..for the REAL review..came back to this place last weekend..yes another trip to VEGAS! i feel like its my 2nd home alreadyyy -  - i was ready for the $25 AYCE sushi..started off with salmon collar and tuna poki salad! amazing!! u HAVE to get the salmon collar..i also tried the mussels, gyoza, and the seaweed salad, all awesome! -  - then i had sunrise roll, baked 428 (chicken teryaki inside a sushi?!)  flying jason roll, baked dynamite roll, tried the quail egg shot, halibut nigiri, salmon nigiri, and the Jala Jala roll...im sure theres more but when i remember, ill update -  - for dessert, green tea and strawberry mochi ice cream, lychee sorbet (YUM) and then to finish it off, tempura ice creamm!!! -  - you can have it all, just for $25...and this place opens til 2 AM WAHH	2010-08-17	0	1	0
yF4ZRAyFiv9oo-YDbNDW2A	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	cN0XKFeD-H4D5KolR52znw	5	everything is delicious!	2008-11-09	0	0	0
vRp0DP_cFLDSO2KIcRiaSg	bRijcLYfpRdxaABwVbeJ_A	itv4pB3tbT7eMuVrFU65Tg	5	She was my  pediatrician until I was 18. Fantastic lady. She'll help you out in any way that she can.	2005-07-18	0	0	0
wKPGomfCfiy9DGpT3jBHTQ	ToSm1CIH3xgaedt63f3FCQ	M1yfwtBL6MrYiLE_ddMZQg	5	Love this nail salon! I get gel nails and pedicures here and both services are absolutely wonderful. My gel manicure lasts for at least 3 weeks, no chipping, breaking, etc, and I work in the restaurant industry so I am constantly washing my hands and it still lasts! Definitely worth the money! The pedicures are also amazing, rose petals and lemon slices in the water where your feet are soaking, hot stones and great massages as well, its so relaxing! The staff is very friendly, always willing to go above and beyond to treat their customers wonderfully! Highly recommended!!	2014-01-09	0	0	0
PbgSSVTbLlKLhtzaGB-zNg	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	9Yq6Lbzc9qMnKQvyV7wKBA	5	Hell's Kitchen Burger = Best Burger Ever! - Coffee Shake = Epic! - Sweet Potato Fries = Perfect!	2013-05-15	0	0	0
neqZiQ5S5hOd4C76zy82Ww	WUTSRw9kiDHmQeoylYfrnA	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I come here for a lot of shopping from groceries to books, to household items, even gas.  I love Costco and my family does too! You buy things in bulk and they are cheaper because they are in bulk.  And I love that they don't use plastic bags for your groceries and instead they recycle the boxes they used from when the shipments came, so I find that to be Earth friendly and cool. -  - They have on site food, frozen yogurt, and drinks with a place to eat.  The kids love it and I'm such  sucker for their frozen yogurt berry sundae. It's so cheap and so delicious and so is their pizza!!!! -  - The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because every time I go the lines are always insanely long.  Doesn't really seem to matter what time of day you go, they are busy and have long lines that stretch into the aisle which is great for them because it means their business is booming.  But it would be nice if they had a couple of cashiers that could run to help with check out service to get the line crushed down.  And I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 also because they seem to pick and choose when they want to card you at the door, it's really weird.  I can watch some people walk in ahead of me and not flash their cards at all and I'll be right behind them and I get chased down to check to see if I'm a member.  It's annoying but it's not going to stop me from going there for their yummy food and amazing discounted prices. -  - I'm a fan, yay!	2014-04-24	0	0	0
UG5su4FJjQkt3e9-ChQlEg	0NaMndmNpVG619STpRCY7Q	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	Out of all the firearms stores I've been to in the area,  this place would be the last one on my short list to go to. Even though on the same visit my husband purchased one of his guns, he was rushed. I was over looking at the pistols away from him and I was pretty much ignored by sales staff.  It was real busy and I understand. But they did pick and choose their customers.  I guess I didn't look the part. Had to interject and when I went to ask a question about one of the guns I was discouraged from buying it and then brushed off and sales rep moved on to another customer.  WTFrog!  Mr B was going to get help for me but I said forget it! Didn't want to deal with these arrogant dudes. Plenty of other gun shops in the area. Good luck getting help!	2013-10-18	4	3	7
s0F2nmPkpYvIMVy2Fginlg	J-eUjXNQOL1IFFxacYOyoQ	WLNchxexVG0k6pq_OuhUrQ	5	great place for printer ink! I buy the family ink from here, and always replace the cartridges by bringing them (the old used ones) in for a discount on my purchase, it's awesome :)	2014-01-31	0	0	0
wSdV95yoqmibmAcQTyQoXA	50nln4YPr0QDo_v1uBmHfg	m3NA875gE5cpiAo4s7686g	5	They make the best macaroons in Vegas	2012-10-22	0	0	0
QXnPldMpNSeqBc8PwuXkxA	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	lCD3wyHthsYFlP52Hll-QA	4	I took some of my visiting teenage cousins here yesterday. It was cute to see them in awe of the place. I guess even in Illinois, they've heard of Bobby Flay. ;) They couldn't wait to text their friends back home that they were eating at his restaurant... and what do all three order? The double cheddar cheeseburger. God love them.  -  - Since it was a Sunday, they served Brunch. I was a little disappointed because I was hoping to order my favorite duck tamale with habenero sauce, but it wasn't meant to be. Instead, I opted for the ancho-chili citrus glazed Salmon with black bean sauce over sauteed spinach.  -  - Let me tell you guys, when that entree was served... I felt like an judge on Iron Chef. I wanted to tell Bobby that the salmon reminded me the mountains that surrounds Vegas valley and the different, beautiful colors, lime green, hot orange, black and white swirls was a like a desert sunset painting. My first taste was like a dream...and soon that lovely painting on my plate was gone!	2009-03-23	3	4	4
U-Zr9UFHb8xJjoMFeA-vVA	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	GQ8qDvEJxWRw7-zGhtgHbA	4	This is such a fun place. They were super nice when we popped in about 45 minutes before closing, and got us seated quickly. Our waitress, I think her name was Kristin, was really fun and was great to us even though she was rushing around as the only waitress left. She gave me lots of crap for ordering the extremely girly Strawberry Supreme, which was basically an enormous virgin strawberry daiquiri haha. It was alright. -  - I ordered the wings for my late night dinner, and omg they were so filling! The wings are pretty damn big, and super meaty. I guess nothing special or unique, but it was so freaking satisfying after a day of fun in Vegas!	2010-06-19	0	0	1
eFXqDKIw3U7u6NXqF-BXQA	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	3	I was really excited to finally try this place. I should have went there with less expectation so I can rate the place with higher reviews. -  - Luckily we only had to wait 31 min and 31 seconds.  (LOL I actually timed it on my iphone since people were saying we would have to wait an hour) -  - The place is mighty small- one good reason why there is such a long wait besides the place being new and inviting. - Our server Lisa was nice and informative.  I ordered the CHEDDAR CHEESY DOUBLE STEAKBURGER.  $1 more than the regular CHEESE STEAKBURGER.  The only reason it was a dollar more was cuz it was "WISCONSIN CHEDDAR CHEESE"--oooooooh!   - We also ordered some ONION RINGS which was ok.  (the onion rings at my job's cafeteria is sooo much better)  The ranch sauce was weak and the honey/mustard looked like chipotle with thousand island...anyways. - My son's sliders...looked weak but it filled him up and he did like the taste. My mom ordered the MUSHROOM STEAKBURGER and I guess she liked it since she drowned it in the ranch sauce we got with the onion rings. - Our coca-colas were yum and came in a coca-cola glass.  I got the CHERRY COKE, son got VANILLA COKE and moms got the DIET COKE.  - The fries were as small and skinny as the ones at MC Donalds but not as tasty and kinda crispier.   -  - Of course we had to order some shake to go to make the experience complete. By this time it was shift change and Lisa had to leave us.  (So we made sure she got her tip) - The shift change was at 6pm but our next server did not even show up at our table til 6:20pm.  I was feeling bad for the people in line knowing they are starving and waiting for that long-awaited experience to taste the STEAKBURGER. - We finally got our shake order in and had to wait another 10 min.  The guy clearing the table was much more friendlier (I think his name is Jerick) he explained to us that they only had two blenders which can only handle 4 shakes at a time.  - My shake MINT something was delish and yummy.  My son did not really like his which was STRAWBERRY BANANA.   -  - Now my review on the burger:::::It was juicy and tasted good.  The cheddar cheese....umm..I could have been happy with the regular cheese.  I did not add any salt or anything else so I can actually taste the meat.  It did taste fresh and the double burger probably equaled one thick burger.  The bread was nice but the lettuce was just a flimsy leaf they threw on the burger.  It was not greasy (unlike the Johnny Rockets burgers) and I actually finished my burger without grossing out at the end.  The price is great for a sit-down spot.  -  - My advise to newbies: Try it and check it out on off hours.  If there is a long line....well....your choice.  LOL. -  - BONUS:  if you spend $15 you get a free COKE GLASS.  We got two free glasses since we spent $31.  (I should have played thosed numbers since we waited 31min 31seconds and the bill was $31dollars.   -  - *****I hope my review was worth your read********	2011-01-07	0	0	1
rtpNbQzVxbKcauwFvMSKyQ	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	OXWWC30x-1Ee0B6hXLLZfw	4	They gave us the darkest table in the place. But the rita's were flowing and I forgot about it. I had the cuban sandwich. It was great, but I think he lost half of it on the way to the table. It was cut in half. O.K. Who has the rest of my sandwich? Then we went and got a picture taken with the parrots. Woo hoo!	2009-10-13	0	1	0
JpW-A-uSBOGvNy9Co6Y53g	WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	This Ikea has an extra large parking spot, so even though you may be a bit of a walk from the door, you can always find a spot.  It's set up like pretty much every other Ikea we have been to.  Second floor is the "show room" area and cafe.  First floor is the "Oh no I'm lost in Ikea boxes for the next two years"  and a check out area...if you can ever get there in the sea of cardboard.   -  - We had the meatballs, which is our standard M.O. when going to Ikea.  They have signs up throughout the store that say that their meatballs are supplied through a U.S. company - which is amusing and we are sure has something to do with the whole horse meat thing overseas.  Makes one wonder how many times the serving staff has been asked that question! -  - Overall the store is clean, organized, and they are making way for a new Garage Organization section!  -  - Overall: A - Nothing all too different from other Ikea locations, but that doesn't mean it's a bad thing!	2013-09-30	1	0	1
9qj006Npiu9CKEakSpNXHA	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	5	If there is any negative about this place, it is the location.  Situated in an older strip mall, in not really the best location, it does not look like much from the outside.  Once inside, while extremely small, the restaurant exudes character and charm.  We felt like we were in some quaint Japanese restaurant right of of a movie. -  - The food.....   Well, we did the tasting menu for $75, and I must say it was one of the best tasting experiences we have had, and we have had a lot.  Each course with simply fabulous.  While some of the courses were enjoyed more than others, we liked them all, and there is nothing I would not have ordered ala carte.  We chatted with several other guests, as tables are so close, and all their food looked spectacular as well, and everyone seemed to love everything.   -  - Our server could have have been better.  He was a touch slow, but that kind of added to the charm, as he did have quite a few tables.  He took his time with each table, and we appreciated him explaining all the dishes, in great detail.   -  - I would highly recommend anyone who is a foodie, or looking for a foodie experience, to experience Raku.	2014-05-09	2	0	3
j-tNdd45MbSrcQzB3ERSgg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	PpTVxjqOiEMCIwfyrUpikg	5	One thousand plus reviews later, does Bouchon really need another one? YES! Because it is THAT awesome. Chicken and waffles, croque madame, french toast, raspberry beignets, it was all AWESOME.	2011-01-23	0	0	0
kC9OLjHm3dl1p3Ispb2aAg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	zmPzZYdZqP9MUfzhn8QTfw	4	Came here on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 5 around noon and were quoted a 40 minute wait and were pleasantly surprised that it only turned into a half an hour. Definitely do-able. The place is super cute and very french bistro like, very authentic to some of the places we ate in Paris. And it was kinda big in size which is necessary for the demand of people that come here. It's kinda tucked away downstairs in the Venetian but there are signs everywhere so you won't get lost. I loved all the cute pictures on the top walls of random french stuff, very adorable for people like me who appreciate pleasant ambiance. -  - Now onto the food, I was kinda worried since I'm more of a lunch, dinner person than a brunch person but the menu was pretty good. I had the special butternut squash soup which was simply delicious and fresh. The happy bread that comes complimentary on the weekend with french butter and strawberry jam left me very happy and super full as we could not stop ourselves. My husband had the omelette du jour which he seemed to enjoy with a side of bacon that I helped myself to as well  which was delicious. We also had the pommes frites which were some of the best I've ever had. I dipped them in mayo and jam, and both were just to die for. I'm dreaming about those pommes frites. Friends had the lox and cream cheese, mussels and other brunch items and everything looked and smelled fabulous. A must go to place in Vegas especially for brunch. The walk from Aria and the wait was well worth it.	2012-11-13	0	0	0
VvCQkmE9oLXFnNY-QJy47A	tn5SXZvWiT-uVsjXLGSrww	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	5	If you love seafood and want to eat it to your hearts content... THIS is the place to go!! Dinner only here, from 330-930pm and it's $40 with your players card and $45 without one. TOTALLY worth it!! Other buffets will usually ONLY have crab legs, and cold ones in fact. Here, you can get cold, warm, and seasoned crab legs! Also, what other buffet will have lobster tails at an all you can eat?!? I seriously had a whole plateful!! They also have the biggest shrimp I have ever seen at a buffet!!  -  - They have all different types of seafood... hot, cold, and in different flavors: american, asian, etc. I tried them all, except the cold. I'll admit, the crab legs were a bit dry... but I loaded up on lobster tail, which I'm sure was more then $40 worth.  -  - I did this place as a last stop on my buffet of buffets gluttony quest... for a $10 add-on, I think this place is way MORE worth it as an add-on compared to the Caesar's buffet add-on cost!  -  - This place totally hit the seafood craving that I was having! I can't believe I have not eaten here in such a long time!! I will definitely be back here!! Service was awesome!! Our waiter was friendly, quick, and cleared our plates/refilled our drinks BEFORE even ever asking!! He was very attentive and our table was always clean... even if we only had one plate! -  - I will be back to conquer this seafood feast again next time!!	2013-11-26	1	0	4
F8FPlm07gKFW9hb72lGS4w	QB1dMlATwesPf6rrJGLQww	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We like to head over to this plaza since it's close to our apartment and they have plenty to offer  as far as entertainment, shopping and eating. The parking is a little difficult at times depending on where you are trying to get to, but we always find a spot, even if we have to walk a touch.   -  - They have a movie theater, a variety of shops for most any taste, and restaurants / eateries from burgers to sit-down steak houses or salad bars. -  - Overall: A  - We have killed a few nights hanging out at this place - it's easy enough to do with all the variety and choices! Good options for a dinner / movie date night!	2013-10-23	1	1	2
C-yT4vHNAYWDP-F2vZIPCw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Secret Pizza, you just never know what you are going to get. Finding this place the first time was tough. Thanks to a fellow Yelper who posted a photo of the hallway lined with record covers. We passed it then saw a glimpse of the hallway. A must stop each and every time we are in Vegas. We have tried many different flavors including pepperoni, cheese, combo, pepperoni mushroom. They are all amazing. Combo is my favorite but i will take whatever they have ready. It feels like being in a secret society of pizza. We smile at fellow pizza eaters and watch as newbies struggle to find it. We have had people stop us and ask "Where did you get the pizza" and just point at the hallway. LOL	2013-09-06	1	0	1
J64xeq31atHU3cwlPBPLPQ	gGeVLZ9j_wAYKbaqgnKSJA	swmOXLh_xENXrpRZ-Qj-dw	4	Cool place, good food, chic decor, and good service. Our waiter was knowledgeable, calm, cool, and collected. We had drinks, dinner, then coffee after-wards and didn't feel rushed at all.  -  - We were here for my friend's bachelorette party so it was the perfect setting! Very Sex and the City for sure :)	2010-03-08	0	0	0
kAe202envhsk1k5VBc2fwg	u2PL3uLmwF2HBldVeouFxA	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	Even more stars, I really wish I could give this place a billion more!  I went here a second time with a family member this time for a second opinion and the customer service was just as great.  Same amazing furniture and I was ready to throw down thousands of dollars on buying certain things and one of the sales people pointed out a flaw about the couch that she said some people have a problem with and others don't care about.  Seeing this issues I never noticed until she said something I simply couldn't live with it, and my family agreed. -  - The sales lady ended up pointing me towards a much CHEAPER couch, equally comfortable, same beautiful grey color I wanted, but without the buldging flaw.  I was impressed she was showing cheaper products that she said would last years longer.  I'm thinking are you crazy lady, I know you don't work off comission but shouldn't you have sales goals you want to hit. -  - I was impressed by this kind of customer service that I honestly rarely have ever seen.  And I worked retail for many years of my life, I know that the business is usually all about numbers and goals. -  - In the end I didn't get the original couch I wanted, nor did I get the couch she picked out for me.  But I ended up finding a that I loved a million times more and every friend and family member that has seen the couch has been blown away about how beautiful it is.  Very Mad Men, Season 5 looking. -  - I'm so happy with this store I've decided to get my dinning set from here, living room, family room, and a few office items as well.  I haven't seen outdoor patio sets there but if they sold them I know this place is the place I would buy them.	2014-03-25	0	0	0
J6wxecaoRYIhydW7S5AmlQ	4gIV5MYpCDbNI-bL3g_tSw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	This is a great little spot for a night walk and some window shopping, a weekend stroll for lunch and actual shopping, or bringing that visiting friend / family member to show them the artsy side of Scottsdale while getting a bite to eat from a great restaurant! -  - It is also really close to Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall - so if you get too hot or want some indoor shopping, you can just talk a bit of a longer walk over to that hot spot (or drive!).  There are a ton of great restaurant and wine bars throughout Old Town also, so you could go dozens of times and never eat the same thing twice - that's awesome in and of itself! -  - Overall: A - Great for locals, great for foodies, great for tourists.	2013-10-02	0	0	2
CrbY1Da7BE92HFh_idlkCQ	QB1dMlATwesPf6rrJGLQww	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	There are lot of up sides to the Marketplace.  There are a ton of restaurants and shops to spend time at, especially if you are looking to kill time before / after a movie or want a date night!  The shops offer a variety of options from clothing to home decor to craft supplies.  Same goes for restaurants.  You can easily get some cheap eats here at Panda or drop a little more money and eat at Nori or Wolfleys (which are still not pricey options). -  - Live music is offered every Friday in the main portion and the artists are always different and you can easily find out who is playing on their website. Seasonal offerings can also be found, such as Easter Bunny photos and the like.   -  - The negative here can be the parking lot and busy nature of the plaza. Since they are one of the only major plazas in the area, they are usually really busy and the parking lot can prove difficult to navigate and you may have to park and walk a bit. -  - Overall: A - Great variety of shops and dining.  See a movie and make a date night out of it!  Leave yourself time for parking if need to be at something at a certain time!	2014-03-21	1	0	0
8KF7l1hiUtXjD-IGW_CDoQ	0FE_I1Mnq3uvtCbxMrMwYA	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	The dentist is no longer the enemy. Dr. Pham is great!	2012-05-07	0	2	1
4bLmDlLTsbi2Cez8kQqmFg	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	PRNbOkVSIorLHF3RNsd-2Q	5	Just finished an incredible dinner at Hana after many months of hearing about how mind blowing the food is. Here's what I have to say: I can still taste the flavors of each dish and sushi medley in my mouth and on my teeth! My tongue is so happy - and so am I! The service was attentive, the food peaked my interest and Lori (chef/owner) challenged me to push beyond my comfort zone and try new things. The result? A new-found passion for favors I've never experienced and a love of uni shooters! Anyone looking for an authentically beautiful/playful dinner - go Hana!	2013-10-29	0	0	0
xejBEuH2ymxLo1KxIqxwvQ	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	o-xDgt535DhMFJh4YKMNOA	5	Absolutely amazing ! Great food , beef Wellington that melts in your mouth like butter. Asparagus soup wow. And the baked potato ( a la cart) would serve 4 people. Everything you would expect from chef Ramsey !	2012-10-24	0	0	1
FCQGc-G9fYA_quKigLozng	ZN8OHbdTgMLMF5WKRDC90A	lPB59Duh9SolRida6_GGsg	5	Dr. Freedman is someone I would definitely recommend if you are looking for an expert in urology.	2013-05-15	0	0	1
quOVDVAQcw3ehTi047SC4w	fkacCsAiwXYQzdlaQZm0Gg	TDy9Xfz-famK1PV3hzFBNA	3	got my bf to buy his first watch at kenneth cole. lots of good store there =]	2012-02-10	0	0	0
5dC-dnyC2YARSAM4l-P1ng	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	0Za30PbCY8xNqV6FI3RWag	3	Brunch is way over priced for what it is	2014-06-25	0	0	0
b1wzyi8mkt6gb7apBz87ew	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	1	Once again I don't understand these high reviews they must have not ate at the same restaurant that I ate at. Everything I ate was extremely greasy/ fattening and artificial tasting. The free corn bread they bring out was so buttery and greasy I couldn't eat it. Next my girlfriend and I shared two entrees, the pork ribs with mac n cheese and fries, and the pulled pork with corn and cole slaw. The ribs were so fatty and the quality of meat was not up to par. The pulled pork had a nice flavor but made me feel very ill once I was done. The corn was a joke, it was super water logged and they left the unwanted part of the corn on top as a garnish.	2013-11-05	0	0	1
oWOZz-uBzy6RtoZ1QkC_-g	3MmHmJXr8Ltk_Z5EGE4KUw	ZusYHxnRmXa5g8z9rPLFMg	5	Carnevino is a fabulous (albeit really expensive) meal, especially if you make some good selections. My brother (the hard-core foodie) knew that the best steak, the reservo, is not on the menu. It had been hanging since late June (almost nine months), and our server Jim did a fabulous job of explaining the taste profile. He also suggested pairing it with a more traditional cut, both to provide a contrast and to cut the gamey taste of the older meat. For my two cents, the old stuff is great and has an element of ham in its taste...but that's just me. The appetizers and sides were fine but utterly uneventful, though the steak tartar was a touch better than that. Our first round of cocktails was solid but nothing special, but after the first round the bartender, Cooper, came to check up on us. He offered to make me something off-menu if I gave him a taste profile. He came back with an A+ concoction of amaro, orange bitters, orange vodka, ginger, and lemon. Highly recommended! -  - My only complaint would be about pacing. For $200/person, I expect pacing for a 2-hour meal. As the appetizers were coming, I expressed this concern to Jim, and a 2-hour meal did, in fact, occur. Without intervention, though, I'm guessing 1 hr 15-30 minutes, which is too quick for a restaurant of this caliber.	2012-03-27	0	0	1
mXw3U1zZKpFFEw1MuSAsGQ	eviEAWE1D_tJaYKz8abjyA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	The fashions here tend to lean on the more the conservative side, classy, fashionable casual dress day wear.  Sorry, no hoochie outfits here. Real feminine. Clothes in floral prints and pastel colors.  It's almost borderline boutique store as they have their own clothing line and different designs and the stores are a small franchise so you are not going to find mass produced department store wear.  -  - Prices are very affordable, they always have some type of sale going on. I check the social media sites or email newsletter for them.  More than likely when you enter the store their sales staff will also let you know what the sales are.   I have found some unique necklaces and very cute for under $10 in their little clearance basket!   -  - Sales staff has always been friendly, never pushy. Since Im always at The District, I've window shopped at this store quite a few times and have never felt unwelcome.  When I check out, the young lady who always rings me up is always really sweet.  -  - For a small place, the store is packed with merchandise from top to bottom.  Oh also they cute outfits for little girls too! Mom and daughter coordinates. So cute!	2012-12-06	0	0	1
p7SZSyIz1GHCzvB2Y3sb0w	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	tIUrVNrr9i00ieCjrnAx0Q	1	I went here with  my friends and it was not worth waiting and hour and a half to eat crappy burnt food. Why do they put Sage and stick it on a biscuit...	2014-03-31	0	0	0
mAgF0CAIXS-4pCKG5H9LiQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	Kuz7m4sxJAdXeUTN2tP1BA	4	I stumbled across this place by accident. I must admit I did not have high expectations, the food in casinos is usually not that good. I was hungry and in a hurry and this place had a small line that moved quickly. I was in no particular mood that day and ordered at random. My selection was The Full Montagu, a sandwich comprised of roast beef, roast turkey, swiss & sharp cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato & mustard sauce.  The sandwich is served hot and toasty. It was excellent! The combination of meats, cheeses, and sauce was well balanced. The sandwiches here are different and a refreshing change from Quiznos, Togos, or Subway.	2008-07-12	0	0	0
ZDTv7bqo8m4Nz95Y1y6RKA	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	t8ut3Apq8XSU4FSDMqUkqg	2	Tacos were very good, but extremely over priced and small. $5.50 per taco?! I've had better for $1.25.	2014-04-16	0	0	0
fBReqPjtbdWWcUlm_4k8zg	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	HV1YKfnN5LRO8s5f3UHWOw	4	Great food and attentive staff.	2011-12-15	0	0	0
JX1C5PLpFcXcbObdp-JL1g	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	5	Wow...we loved this place!  I had bookmarked this as a place I wanted to try a while back and I wasn't disappointed.  Never before had I had a pasty.  Clearly, I've been missing out!   -  - This place is a dark, dimly lit british pub-style restaurant.  It was completely slammed, with loads of mostly college aged people.  Everyone seemed to be laughing, talking, and having a genuinely good time.  We sat at the best seats in the house, the bar, and got to watch the staff work their magic. From there, you could see most of the kitchen work as well as the bar work.  Always fun, and the staff were plenty entertaining, ha ha. -  - My wife and I each tried a pasty to share, me the Oggie, and Stacy had the shepherds pie.  The Oggie is their traditional pasty, with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. So good!  I also tried some of my wife's, which was very good as well.  In addition, we split an order of the chips (fries).  The food took a while, but it's all made fresh and baked, and very much worth the wait.  It was cooked to perfection! -  - We had a GREAT experience here, and can't wait to go back.  Do yourself a favor and go check them out!	2014-06-29	0	0	0
zRJrOkJtwdpJ_FVj44PaXw	tI3J5jomrBs--n7r92186g	vq_sxdDkCUNzGHJIoZAX8Q	3	It was more than an hour wait. The food was good but the service was just off. We had the same 3 carts the whole hour we were there. We asked for certain dishes multiple times but it never came.	2014-03-16	0	0	0
Izq9qS58lSioMkHy_U1uuQ	jhI4kxnLhK3olQ5rfCyvPQ	_F_Veo7apY0NbBhKWJ7DJg	5	Dr Kessler is a fantastic eye doctor. I have been going here for over 10 years. It's a great office, very friendly staff, comfortable, and professional. - I highly recommend this doctor and this overall office for anything eye related.	2013-08-27	0	0	0
FhoT2FIM_j9H6VEO23grug	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	5	Absolutely love this place. 5 Stars through and through. My boyfriend and I came on Valentine's day this year and the service was excellent as well as the food. That night, we wanted to go all out so we each ordered our own steak and had the lobster mashed potatoes, and the butter cake for dessert. All of it was amazing.  -  - Most recently we tried it out a second time because we had gotten a gift card. They had sat us in the back of the restaurant but I requested to be seated in the main dining room and they of course moved us right away to a great little booth. I like the main dining room better because it has a see and be seen vibe to it and you can hear the music from the lounge area which is always great. -  - Every time I go there we will always get the stuffed mushrooms and request extra pretzel bread. Every time I take a bit of those I just wish I knew how to make them myself. For main course we decided to share the Chef's cut Rib Eye and get the Mac n cheese and Brussel sprouts. I highly recommend if your shying away from Mastro's because of price, that is an excellent option. You get an unbelievably juicy and delicious steak, they split it for us into 2 plates and the sides were delicious. Thanks for another amazing night out Mastro's. Nailed it.	2013-05-20	0	0	1
R4Uc9Bj0GE7vv2pdN9GY5Q	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	7qHeiucJ_Rlwb72jZ9npow	5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Everything is perfect. Food is awesome, staff and service is great. I prefer HnJ over BC. Only down part about it is the parking! A +++ for Hot N Juicy!	2013-01-19	0	0	0
xXU7ot4zYajIIyhQ5yb3zA	IRYj1b1-mlXqABVsl9SoqQ	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	3	People go nuts for this place, me? Eeehhh.... - The tacos are pretty good but not amazing. The wait to order is usually insane. Last time I was there, there were 4 separate lines and the lines stretched outside (should be an indication of amazingness but no), needles to say we waited for like 40 min to order. I don't think they're 40 min wait good... The lines are usually crazy and chaotic so be prepared.  - They do have a nice variety of meats for a fast food type of joint. They have options like chicken, steak, beef shoulder, tongue, brain and spicy pork. The spicy pork is the best! Those are 4*.	2013-12-03	4	2	5
BjgrmnadpvzWA1vkDJyXXg	igvATKdi31Ve7Jd2B6-g9g	uZetl9T0NcROGOyFfughhg	5	It seems like I've been giving out a lot of 5 star ratings lately, but my experience at Scottsdale Strands definitely deserved it.  -  - I'm obviously a brunette and called my stylist Kandi and told her I needed a drastic change- something for summer. "Let's go Blonde."  She advised for a few, soft highlights around the face and a fresh cut.  -  - When I smocked up and settled into her chair, I told her my frustrations with my current style - long, heavy, flat by the end of the day - and told her to do her magic.  -  - She highlighted, washed, and cut me and I couldn't be more satisfied! Kandi is very professional and all the ladies in Strands are very friendly. In fact, most of the clients are nice too. I've also had my nails done there in the past and loved it and since my last visit, a new permanent makeup specialist has moved in a semiprivate room and opened a cute, affordable boutique.  -  - Kandi saved me from going blonde - which probably wouldn't have looked so good while letting me leave feeling refreshed for the summer.  If you're looking for a new stylist, I recommend Strands - professional, reasonable, and they actually listen to you!	2010-06-05	2	1	2
03ebJm0kPP5hAnT_bLPREQ	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	3	Sunday brunch was $30. Pricey but expected from an establishment of this calibre. There's many selections here, so you're bound to find something you like, hopefully. That also means you're going to hit some items that you won't fancy but that's one of the things that a buffet is all about. -  - FYI on some of the items: - - The Kansas City ribs blew. They weren't tender and it was cold!  - - Their N.E. Clam Chowder on the other hand rocked.  - - Their sushi selection was decent but there's not much. - - The mini waffles were awesome! Try different toppings. - - The hot coffee is strong - - I give the desserts an A for looks but the taste, a C+. Don't waste your time on the madeleines. Failure!  - - The Chinese congee (porridge) has a lot of toppings but it's really bland so you're probably going to add soy sauce. - - They had large shrimp cocktails but no crab legs. - - I was too full for the prime rib so I can't help you there. -  - The place is definitely nice, grand, and clean as it should be. It was also pretty full so if you have a big party, be patient. This buffet is decent but personally I like Bellagio's more.	2009-06-01	2	1	4
an_dV4MYuD8TI0B-7o7tVQ	wi6-9GyhR3srZ8NodhVcDA	WTbKjTqavtyMhcCjkr5AXw	5	I hadn't seen a dentist in over a year since I was new to the area. The process was extremely simple, they got me in right away and the dentist cleaned my teeth! Typically it's a dental assistant which I don't I mind at all, but the attention they provide to new patients is top notch!	2014-06-09	0	0	0
HV2qNusAanlJZK_9Az_QPA	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	LLOWWnJ9XctClLOBZgBy1g	5	Very impressive space and design.  I attended the "soft" opening and was very pleased. If you like artistically crafted drinks... this is the place for you. - I enjoyed a "Black" Manhattan which was made with Rye Whiskey. It was perfect! Of the menu items I was able to sample the macaroni and cheese was very impressive. Completely unique and light, where most mac and cheeses are clumpy, heavy and boring. -  - The staff is delightful! -  - I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and get my LUX on!!	2011-08-11	0	0	0
Dqpe9pZhFCtt5sa6ZszXbA	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	My wife and I stopped at Bobby Q's because we were in that area of town and looking for something tasty for lunch on Yelp. We found this place, which had several stellar reviews, and decided to give it a try.  -  - I got the beef brisket sandwich and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich. I had a side of fries and she got a side of macaroni and cheese. Starting with mine, the beef brisket was amazing. It was well seasoned, they used incredibly soft, super fresh, potato rolls for the buns, and the order came out hot. The french fries were crisp and well seasoned.  -  - The pulled pork that my wife had was good as well, however it was a little on the dry side, and probably could have used some more barbeque sauce. The macaroni and cheese was really good, and some of the creamiest I've ever had. As a starter, they also bring out cornbread which is hot, fresh and soft. It was quite excellent.  -  - For drinks we both got some of their specials. The drinks were massive, well priced at only $10 apiece, and easily big enough to share! Our waiter was Mateo, and he was really friendly and helpful. If he's working, request him. The restaurant itself had a huge outdoor covered seating area with fans and a fountain. There was a nice breeze, and even though it was a hot day it was still comfortable to sit outside. We really enjoyed this place, and would definitely go back.	2014-04-22	4	1	2
B-97sg_aROX0ASjEuPyfVA	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	4	I love the food here and the beer specialities are always fun. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food. It's definately got a good vibe and there's always a crowd.  -  - The patio area is really nice. But a word of caution, if you eat outdoors, be prepared to be swarmed by flies. We ended up moving inside after a few bites because they were all over us once the food arrived. -  - The inside is nice but it's a tight squeeze. The decor cracks me up. I feel like everytime I go there I find a new sign to read or notice a new picture. The staff is great and the bartendars keep up the pace to get the drinks served quickly.	2013-08-08	2	1	2
6FK8BQ7cGYe2q1mMFsb9Sg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	4	FEZ is just cool.  So many things to talk about but I will mention the food items I return for.  The FEZ kisra.  What is a kisra...  A pizza basically.  This kisra has oodles of toppings and a zesty BBQ sauce.  Delicious!!!  The Rosemary Chicken Sandwich is fragrant and hearty and the side of greens that comes with it is always fresh with a mild but tasty dressing. - Get the Cinnamon Dusted Sweet Potato Fries.  Got that!!!  Before you know it you will be down to the bottom of the basket still craving more.  The dipping sauce for the fries is tangy.  Sweet and tangy together make for magic.  The Garlic Rosemary Fries are great too. -  - The bar has incredible cocktails.  I like the Apricot Margarita, their Lemon Martini, and their Mojo Martini.  The same bartender took care of us a couple of times.  We asked her to make her own concoction for us.  We gave her free reign.  She came up with a cucumber cilantro lemonade.  It was awesome.  Very refreshing.  She could take that drink coast to coast. -  - The decor is very modern, fancy lights, a projection wall, sleek furniture, cool bathrooms and they are clean.  Sit outside right next to Central Avenue and watch the Lightrail go by. -  - They do have a weekend brunch menu worth checking out as well.   -  - There are lots of cool choices to choose from at FEZ.	2009-09-27	2	2	2
nkFVqSBf1LtiU672Ue45vA	PScORaVSoRKBzaXzxdzsMw	ajKPXnCS_LWwwfeFl3J5DQ	5	I had a wonderful experience having my hair cut and styled by Master Hair Designer Donna Dufresne. I have very long thick hair and often feel guilty making hair designers deal with my mop. Donna is an amazing person as well as hair designer. She said she was happy she got to cut my hair, which was the first time anybody had ever said that while cutting my hair. Once again, out of feeling bad for taking up a lot of her time, I told her that she didn't have to dry my hair. She kindly insisted that a good stylist always dries their client's hair to make sure the style was done well. Donna said a couple times that she wanted me to have the good feeling of a new hair style and cut when she was finished.  -  - Donna took her time and I definitely felt like a new person when she was finished. -  - I highly recommend everyone and anyone to make an appointment with Donna Dufrense and enjoy her wonderful personality and expert hair designing skills. -  - Thank you, - Jasmine Brown	2013-08-23	1	0	1
3KMrIo0nRmUifGM6mklakw	JXZiWJiiUM1J8GBUkEGp3g	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	1	Yea...never going back here again.  -  - SEVERAL bad, odd, and uncomfortable things happened during one mani/pedi session....UNBELIEVABLE! -  - **FIRST -- so yelp has that monocle feature that I had just learned about and I was innocently scanning the buildings in awe as my husband pulled up in front of the nail salon to drop me off. A woman, who I believe is Jenny (woman with long dark hair), hurries over to me as I got out of the car and nosily starts hovering over my shoulder and my phone asking "what you doing with that camera?! why you point over here?!" In an attempt to try to keep myself from pushing her away from me and telling her that what I do with my phone is non of her business, I calmly showed her the app saying that it was something I just discovered and was trying it out... he looks at me for a moment then laughs saying " Ohhh, haha, what they say about us?" and I told her nothing came up for them and that I would just have to trust them.  -  - ** SECOND -- as I was getting my pedi, a woman was getting her nails done directly in front of me, Jenny kept insisting that the woman try a color that she didn't want while also prying into her personal life. The woman looked at me and gave me an uncomfortable smile.  -  - ** THIRD -- It was time for my mani and same gentleman that did my pedi began doing my mani. So I paint my own nails at home between my manis and I don't always put down a bottom coat before dark colors like red, which if you know anything about nail polish, it can leave the top layer of your nail a yellow color. So this guy was he was removing my nail polish saw the tint on my nails and several times really loudly was like "YOUR NAILS ARE YELLOW. YOU CANT PAINT NAILS AND NOT PUT BOTTOM COAT. ITS YELLOW. LOOK, YEA, YOU CANT DO THAT, YOUR NAIL TURN YELLOW" the few people that were in there turned and looked at me. I was pretty embarrassed as it's not like my have fungus nail or something, but he was so insistent on repeating my mistake, I might as well of had an infections disease spewing from my hands... -  - *** FOURTH -- a man comes in with his maybe 8 year old daughter to get her nails done. He made it very clear that she told him she wanted pink nails with white tips to match whatever  dance competition outfit she was going to be wearing.  - The man then went to sit down in the pedi massage chair to wait for his daughter to get her nails down. REMINDER this is an 8 year old girl with super small nails. she was only going to get some color and that's about it. they were charging him something like 30+ bucks for that, if I were him I would sit wherever I wanted too. Jenny goes over to him and tells him with a laugh "you want  to get pedicure?" he said no. She replies by saying with not as much humor, "ha..massage chair for pedicures" he looks at her and continues to eat his slim jim. she waits about 1 minutes then says again but more serious "Massage chairs are for pedicures"...when he didn't budge or get up she turns to his daughter and says "sweetie what color you want for your nails" (remember they already established that it was pink nails with white tips) the dad says "pink with white" Jenny continues to say "huh sweetie? what color you want?" and again dad says "we already said pink with white tips!" the little girl stayed quiet looking uncomfortable as her dad is being repeatedly ignored by her. -  - *** FIFTH -- There were a few other occurances of them prying and pushing things on people. I was one. I asked to try 2 colors on two nails to determine which I wanted (it was between a teal or a plum) he gets up and brings me literally a sparkly puke green and says, "this one so nice, you should do this one"... I obviously told him absolutely not! I wouldn't mind green or anything but this color was out of this world gross. Another girl who was a tomboy said she didn't want any color or gloss on her pedi. they asked her about a dozen times if they could put a flower on her toe. she looked so irritated. I was then asked several questions about what I did, where I lived, where did I come from, etc. I don't mind getting asked a few questions about myself, but I might as well have given her my SS number and CC info too.  -  - *** SIXTH -- lastly after I was all done getting painted, was complemented several times but without a breath in-between I was told to come back for next time. It made it sound so insincere "Oh that color looks so good on your skin, you come back next time" "oh you from Chicago? you come back next time here" and several others like that.  -  - *** SEVENTH -- my nail polished chipped in less than 3 days.... I was not pleased. Also they didn't clean up my cuticles very well. I had to go home and fixed them as I didn't want to be in there any longer than I had to. -  - Well there you have it. I could have gone into more detail but I would have to write a short story... too much drama, too much of a lot of things.  -  - Stay away if you can. its not worth it.	2013-08-10	0	0	1
sFib9lXM1pSDk5GBveyyIg	rmiK8V7l7NgEJSHJT-zWQQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	Yep now they are getting that renovation that they sorely needed.  It should look like nice when they are done.  I went to a few stores here on my out of town and found some really good bargains...but then again EVERY TIME I come here I find good prices.  This is truly an OUTLET mall not like all the other fake ones out there! -  - If this mall has a store you like you should check it out because you are likely to get a really good deal.  Whenever I'm in Vegas I try to come by here and do some shopping before heading home.	2011-02-02	1	1	1
TV2RB1vBza5ZRWUYU6IpCQ	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	gW5Lf7tEv-1FCmf6S4DJvQ	5	Great sashimi, everything is fresh and prepared gracefully. - Not to be racist, but youve got real japanese chefs, waitresses, and patrons here.  - Never knew there would be so many Japanese people in Scottsdale, AZ. - One thing they can improve is to expand their sake menu, but their sushi is legit.	2011-03-21	1	1	1
eXLinvxGmfJbjVo29hhRUg	vEeiIvhzz29rO-6EPFqkjQ	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	4	The most excellent service.  Expensive but VERY delicious food. -  - My man ordered: - 1) Housemade elk sausage and eggs - 2) Iced tea - 3) Side of toast -  - I ordered: - 4) Peach pancakes - 5) Side of bacon - 6) Coffee -  - The elk sausage was amazing.  No gamey taste, but full of flavor.  Complemented the eggs perfectly. Comes with their housemade ketchup (much more tomato-y in flavor than normal ketchup...but in a good way!).  Side of toast came with housemade preserves as well -- very yummy. -  - My peach pancakes came in a stack of 3.  Super fluffy and moist and topped with caramelized peaches, butter, and powdered sugar.  Oh and did I mention beautiful presentation?? (see picture)  They also did the most amazing thing and made sure that there were peaches between each layer of pancake! =)  That made my day. Side of bacon was also 3 slices.  Prepared to perfect crispiness. -  - Scrumptious breakfast and LOVED every bite.  But total came out to ~$75.  Hmm probably most expensive breakfast (of that size) I've had.  But then it's also Vegas =P	2011-09-14	0	0	2
ZQ8n3ffF6QLiQqvIxoeX-g	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	5	This is the 3rd Ale House I've reviewed. I love this place everywhere I go. I grew up hanging out with friends at Ale House restaurants in Orlando, again in Miami and now visiting some cop buddies out in Vegas I got to check out this brand new one. Chicken Nachos and Captain Jack's Buried Treasure...yes please!  -  - I did make a slight fool of myself by ordering Yuengling. I quickly remembered I was out west where, sadly, you guys do not yet have the great Yuengling Lager. Hopefully you can experience it soon.	2010-08-24	0	1	0
pAzA2ZWLxmJzB3CFI9MDDg	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	YSh_B-1pEK329lUKgNCUig	5	Places like this make me wonder why I ever go to Starbucks. Funky, wonderful coffee, nice people and amazing coffee cake make this a must breakfast stop.	2014-03-23	0	0	0
vKa9dJhHlHFOODRYIdd4FA	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	4	Was looking for a lunch place near the National Atomic Testing Museum and up popped Mint on Yelp. Good choice.  The lunch buffet at $11 was more than we are used to paying but there were more and more-varied selections.  Everything was good but be warned, a lot of things were HOT!  (Even the saag was hotter than the chicken vindaloo!)  They have a large selection of beers and wine, including organic choices, and lassi cocktails.  The bill for 2 buffets and 2 glasses of Loma Larga chardonnay came to $50.  I wouldn't make a special trip here if we return to Las Vegas but I can recommend it if you are in the area and have a hankering for Indian.	2013-10-06	0	0	0
i0UVdf4r4Ry8SPw8cjEOzA	mzVhCMNkndrgdZFqducydg	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	4	Big store, right in the heart of Tempe Marketplace. Always full of people. That's a good sign that the store does great business. I've been to this one a few times and each time it's been busy, no matter what time of year, or day, it is. -  - Easy access to other stores in the Marketplace. Great customer service from their cashiers. Much better than any Wal-Mart I have ever been to! Target is way better and their stores are by far cleaner and friendlier. -  - I have no complaints. This is a really good store.	2013-12-01	3	2	3
yKSgGMus8UmjuowDOQZPUQ	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	6kgYYn8FxYkZLWCrZLQv_w	1	Crappy service. Average food. Don't waiste your time and money	2012-01-05	0	0	0
qsFc3T-lDwS9jM1_xy3aDA	EkVVyv9lsB02qE0kXpuccA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	3	I think I was a little hasty with my first review as I have fallen out of love with Pitaya. Don't get me wrong, I still like the place. I always hit it up when shopping on Mill but sometimes I find some of the pieces I've bought aren't great quality. Like I said, I don't hate it, it's fine, I just don't love it.	2011-03-01	0	0	1
8fCQQ8wffd9eo-yMFBULNw	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	WMnXfDQkEOqJ5rMb_-GrgA	5	We love this place! It's got a great energy, good food, and it's just a fun place to hang out. We were in Vegas for the weekend and were looking for someplace casual, and off the beaten path and Ichiza really fit the bill. Order the little skewers like the chicken meatballs and the beef tongue. They're great with a hot sake!	2013-01-03	0	0	1
RfkItyArH1cakMmPnkPnzw	GwSdGrvaXi4BdXNSWKn-EA	ckpR2E9BDIU_bsG4bY8F8Q	5	My favorite independent bookstore in all the wide world.	2009-12-03	0	0	0
qoR-9XXo073SxSMpS08eow	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	IALpp_O9r7vQVGu7Bd_eSA	5	Great music, great food, nice staff. Couldn't have had a better experience.	2011-05-10	0	0	0
Kgce5dZn03oVcrxIIoqucA	Y8-1LzsaiNb-SdePFU2iuQ	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	1	Over the last year the office has been getting REALLY shady. I'm talking "random" drug tests EVERY TIME you come in for a perscription refill! Then they charge your insurance $400 for the drug test! They code the bill to suck the most out of your insurance that they can! Also, last time I went there, I made a stink about the drug test and about how it charged my insurance so much. The girl took me into a back room away from listening ears in the reception area and told me I could just pay $20 on top for my co-pay and if the results come back negative, they will just through away the results. I went down the street and found a better doctor. You should too!	2013-10-25	0	1	1
8vwpdjvn33YVGAr59uxUjw	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	l9-qyygkYJK3P8q3EfoR2A	4	Great way to end a Vegas trip, limited selection for Vegetarians, but they have a delicious Veggie Burger, that is SO HUGE. I could barely finish half.  -  - My friends started their meal with the oxtail fries & I have never seen such a happy trio! They devoured the fries.  -  - The veggie burger flavors were fantastic! The actual patty tasted fresh and one of the best I've had.  It wasn't too dry, and the flavors were a great mix! There were bits of red bean & walnuts tucked inside the patty as well.  The patty was paired with fried eggplant, fried tofu, fresh greens and lemon aioli. The bun itself was so fluffy & light!	2014-05-27	0	0	0
NCuvGwy4oap-wgSx2eLUHA	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	This place is really like 2 1/2 stars.  Luckily the line to get in on a Tuesday night was not that long.  I'm not a fan of buffets normally as the food is hardly ever fresh and it's all canned anyways.  Vegas is where I make my exception due to the high amount of traffic..the food has to be fresh...hopefully! -  - Yeah...there is a ton of food here but that's about all that is interesting.  The decor is boring enough to put me to sleep.  If you are not a hotel guest you have to stand in a different line and pay using a machine.  What happened to human contact?  It was a bit pricey about $25.00 for dinner. -  - The desserts..which are always the worst at buffets were actually pretty good here.  But would I go again...probably not...	2009-11-16	0	0	0
-EkhPaq7Shds0doSE1Qd_Q	Bm1OdFUtvf-PuWAKUyItaA	YneSTqU6UrtQ7e6szjg4BQ	5	I was debating going to Muse for some time, but I needed an appointment right away and I didn't feel like waiting. Well, good things come to those who wait! For those of you who are unaware--let me explain what this means. This means that the people here are the shiznit, and sometimes they book out because they rock! (I wish I would have come here immediately after moving to Madison about three years ago. I regret it. Seriously.If you go to someone who can get you in same or next day--that is not always a good sign.)  -  - I have also taken my daughter here who is 13. She has far curlier hair than I do. I am part Native American, and her dad also has some Chilean/Spanish in him so she inherited crazayy hair! Mine is not nearly as unruly, but it is coarse, wavy, and has different textures going on as does hers.  -  - My daughter and I both saw Kristina, and she cut our hair differently than anyone ever has in the entire state! (We've lived in the valley, MKE, and other areas before, and have had our hair done a LOT.)  -  - This is how it goes. I want to wear my hair naturally, and so does my daughter. The only time a flat iron has touched her hair is because other stylists at other salons straightened it first before cutting it. But then for me, and especially her, our hair looks terrible, grossly uneven, and weird if we don't straighten it because that is the only way the majority of stylists in many salons know what to do--cut straight, fine hair at straight angles. Why would you cut curly hair with different textures at straight angles? Or blunt cut it or razor it? (I've had that catastrophe happen before too, yeash!) -  - I know everyone raves about the product sold here--and I got some for my daughter who loves it (Bumble and Bumble.) I use no product since Kristina cut my hair! I am not saying this is for you, but my hair looks awesome upon waking! I have gotten a ton of compliments from classmates, coworkers, and strangers about how healthy and awesome my hair looks. I always "blame" Kristina. -  - Reviews like this I debate writing because I sometimes like to covet gems when I find them and keep them all to myself. However, because I want Kristina to keep cutting hair and support Muse as well....	2014-05-28	2	0	3
Yyx9Gr1EGXVxGzINNesTjw	4GQhbPvGU5r23YdVm8EmkQ	WG9Sf8hxBAV5Z_6l-U2_MQ	5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Ferraro's!!!!  I have lived here for 17years & just never have gone!!!  I have even worked with one of the Ferraro family member's years ago!!!  I had some friend's in town from Chicago they wanted Italian so I took them here!!!  It was soooo good!!!!  I was surprised & sad that it took me this many years to try it!!!!  It was late at night but the bartender that waited on us was very nice & didn't ignore us as we weren't sitting at the bar!!!  I can't wait to go back!!!!  Everything the four of us ate was FABULOUS!!!!	2012-03-27	0	0	0
CXC56HgGOBmNQJ-amS7quw	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	4	Prices for beer went up to $1.75. NO CHILDREN allowed. The fire marshall made them get rid of the charcoal pit on the patio, so the ribs are no longer finished over an open flame. (I'm thinking someone forgot to mail the fire marshall his monthly payoff, but you didn't hear that from me).	2011-01-05	1	1	1
J65_nOrMpYtbVx7Le0MHXg	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	zyiVCer_fYoVSbOf1NisgQ	3	High heel pump was really good.  We were here for a bachelorette party dinner for 16 girls.  I was really irritated they seated us outside in the heat but they reminded me that the contract stated that it would be manager's discretion to be inside or out.  My reservation was for 6 pm and I told them how important it was to start on time because we needed to head off to Chippendales by 8 pm.  We didn't get seated until 620.  So we were rushing through the food.   -  - I really really like the one in NYC better.  It's got character and is whimsical.  Las Vegas' version is whatever.  If you don't make it to NYC, then I guess you can settle for Vegas.	2012-07-17	0	0	0
fh6xiS8WBk2vkcT6NFyTRA	D_BMUHbZk67hzRcK3xQQmg	dw3RUlY9HQKH2dvWVKKJWg	5	LOVE it!  I have eaten here about ten times now, and it is a pretty new restaurant, so that is saying something--especially since I am a very picky eater.  At lunch you can either have the buffet or order from the menu; at dinner you order from the menu.  Many of the items on the lunch buffet vary from day to day--some days there will be chana masala, some days vegetable korma, etc.  It's always great.  I actually like ordering from the menu better, though.  The owner is a very nice guy and works hard to make sure his customers have everything they need.  I have introduced several people to this place, and they all come here regularly now.  And some of them are pretty picky people, too.	2009-10-24	1	0	1
D3bhNrLhn1JX4kzU-WQDUg	8Pzdk19tA2bKlKDSgwWqoQ	O_ImUxuBfVT1kEJSuaLXiA	3	This is a nice restaurant with a nice menu and ok service BUT if you expect a great restaurant, you will be disappointed.  The prices are high for the quality of the food and the wine prices are exceptionally high.  In fairness, I have been generally disappointed with the restaurants in LV.  Getting close to NYC prices but unfortunately not close enough to NYC quality.	2013-05-10	0	0	0
BJVwp8D95iVdpC0Uoq23Nw	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	r8oWB3bY2kyKJbk_Bp1aig	4	Vegas food options are tricky.  Often there is terrible cheap food and hilariously overpriced decent-good food.  Case in point, you probably don't want to go for the $5 prime rib you find in most places.  Probably.  -  - This place, despite a silly name and slogan, makes a pretty good sandwich.  Is it the BEST (hot) sandwich.  Debatable.  Does it get bonus points for apparently being founded by the current, actual Earl of Sandwich.  Sure.  Is it interesting that it was started not in Sandwich, but rather outside of Disneyland or that his name is of course not Earl but that his business partner's name is in fact Earl.  A little.  Would it be great to be called Lord Sandwich. Yes.  -  - In any case, they make a pretty good sandwich for $6 and have a good selection, as you can tell there because there is always a line at all times of the day.  That said, they also have pretty good hours.	2012-08-29	0	0	0
0qGUTWf86vEmI570Y2afqQ	OAxo3-fSgPPuucWO6GR3IQ	IlVP2CHI0NMkuEi76TynTQ	5	This crew is AWESOME!!! Everyone is really good. Doesn't damage lashes. Very experienced	2013-03-09	1	0	1
OvgqHpotoV50cSq6sZrRTQ	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	@TheVigAZ Uptown has redeemed themselves. -  - I went last night with a friend, just for cocktails. Sat on the patio. -  - Our server was very attentive, and made us both feel very comfortable. -  - I finally got to try the Oranje Kreamsicle. - OH - EMM - GEE -  - It tastes almost exactly like a 50/50 bar, with vodka. -  - And seriously, that's just awesome! -  - My companion had a couple glasses of cab, and had no complaints. -  - The DJ arrived, and had a pretty decent selection of music. -  - I ordered the double down, and it was really delicious. The baba ganoush was really flavorful. -  - Overall a nice time was had. -  - (Full disclosure; as a result of my previous experience, I was contacted by the owner, who apologized, and sent me a gift card, which I used last night. It did not cover the tab entirely, so I do not feel any bias should be assumed, as there exists none. My review is as honest as it would be if I were paying 100%. That being said, Thank You Mr. Woodbury. I will definitely be returning to The Vig Uptown) -  - I have yet to try the original Vig. I should do that.	2011-05-28	0	0	1
xxhYlKld4mTAia-2RiRcOQ	rNahhyqDlouyDMHh57p3ug	YSFOl8DADlsKK8TQNsgbJQ	3	I really believe that there has to be a grading discount for Las Vegas restaurants.  It seems that the restaurants presume that (a) the tourists are going to come to the name restaurants; (b) they will pay whatever, including a ridiculous mark up on the wine; and (c) most do not know the difference between a good meal and an excellent meal. -  - B&B fits this bill.  I have eaten at Del Posto and Babbo.  This does not hold a candle to either.   -  - First, too much salt!! -  - Second, we had to send back the veal chop -- twice.  The first time because the chop was raw.  The second, because it was basically all fat.  The vegetable with both our fish and the meat were so salty to be inedible. -  - Both pastas were good (we had the orrichiette and the beef cheek ravioli). -  - Finally, our waiter (Jeff) was very good. -  - I don't know if you can do better on the Strip, but for food lovers, your expectations should be modified.	2011-11-27	0	0	0
YNiqQ3Dc4y0SLiLfQD-IRQ	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	5	This restaurant never disappoints us.  Until we can afford French Laundry, we'll enjoy Bouchon. Whenever we want good meal, Bouchon is the one to go! Even their french fries are too goood.  -  - The ambiance to the food, everything is perfect. At first glace on the menu, everything you see, you have seen before but when you taste it, it's like the first time you've ever eaten it. There is something to be said about doing something that everyone has done before but doing it better.  -  - I think dinner here is the way to enjoy Bouchon. Breakfast or Brunch is wonderful but I think the best way to enjoy Bouchon is thier dinner.	2012-07-26	1	0	2
pEc_OdQ0qHvkxy6ZDW0yKA	AmomRzNtHoHtbwXKjwwqxA	oGrBhuLCk90LtS4bgG5LFQ	3	Before moving to Las Vegas I was a loyal Food 4 Less shopper. It was close to where I use to live and I only shopped at Walmart for laundry detergent and soap. However, since moving here Walmart is the closest and I do most if not all of my shopping here. Time and $ saver! -  - This store is sometimes out of what I need but when they are I just go down to the other Walmart on Fort Apache.	2013-10-18	0	0	0
vDY9alOLaYl4rlNgiiZ4zQ	bjEG3BmwkHmBGISnVCIvEg	qGq146gZLRjBM0dYm92j0Q	5	Best pedicure ever! Kimberly was absolutely amazing and super attentive. I had an ingrown nail and she took that sucker right out. Took her time and ensured that I wasn't ever in pain from that darn nail. She is super sweet and I had great conversation with her. And let me tell you about the massage! WOW!!! Best foot massage I've ever had. She was so knowledgable too. She was able to tell that I had stress/pain in my neck and shoulders and knew my stomach has been upset. All through the foot reflexology. She stayed past their closing time of 7pm to take care of me. She booked me the same day I called. I absolutely adore her and will be back to see her! Need a spa pedicure with a great massage? MUST see Kimberly. She is a absolutely AMAZING!!! And to top it all off, she gave me a thank you card as I left. Never before have I had such an amazing experience! Thank you Kimberly, you are awesome and I'm hooked!	2013-08-18	0	0	1
xmPOkVrxiOnz-0SG_Npf6A	8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ	fO2Wrz-Ymk-bDeVjeYjqtQ	5	The Clarendon is an incredible place. Not only is it an independent hotel, it's affordable (especially during off-times), it's hip, and it offers unmatched value in Phoenix.  - Why stay in a bland Hilton or a sketchy Motel 6 when you can stay at this funky hotel for about the same price or even less?  -  - I booked a King room in November for an incredibly great price and had a phenomenal experience. We were greeted warmly at check-in and offered free wine; yes please! There were no hidden fees, and our parking spot was covered and well-lit. I felt safe walking between the car and the hotel, even late at night. You can't discount the value of safety.  -  - Our room was great. It was very colorful and retro, with tilt-shift/lomography prints on the walls. We had a big, comfy bed with ample pillows and a funky settee. The flat panel TV was a major plus, and my boyfriend and I both loved the long dresser/desk which accommodated both of our computers. All of the little touches - from the drawer pulls to the carpet - made our room feel special from the moment we walked in.  -  - Now, to close, I present the Amazing List of Free Things at The Clarendon:  - 1. Covered Parking - 2. Wine at Check-in - 3. Pool and gym - 4. Wi-Fi - 5. Minibar after dark (Candy, snacks, soda!) - 6. Photogenic Surroundings -  - Need I say more? The Clarendon rocks, and I can't wait to go back again!	2011-01-26	0	1	2
fyB6LZDK7l1j_AEGmGyUlg	4IZX62a5w1YueiuAN5z6JQ	pVyamqy7E4YWD_fxaqc7WA	5	Just went in for a quick shave. Jimmy was quick and on point... Staff in there was amazing. It is an amazing establishment close to home. I will definitely keep going there Thank You for the first shave Jimmy... Much respect cheers pal...	2014-05-03	0	0	0
Ebx0qbTsJl_0iu97Ftt_GQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	4	I have been to Four Peaks a few times and last night was for a birthday get together.  It was packed.  We claimed some chairs around the bar and ordered a few pitchers.  WHAT ABOUT THE BEER?  So here is what you want to know.  I started out with the Kiltlifter.  It was excellent, then made my way to drink  IPA.  Great too.  You can order a sampler tray of all the beers that they brew on site.  It is a fun way to find your favorite. -  - Last night I ordered the Salmon BLT.  It was delicious.  The sauce made it extra special.  I will order that again when I go back.  The fries that came with it were golden and crispy.  Starch heaven. -  - I have been to Four Peaks for Sunday brunch.  They had a brunch special that everyone at the table ordered.  I ordered off the menu. -  - Four Peaks is a busy place.  I don't know how the waitresses keep the orders straight with all the guests shifting tables.  Kudos to the staff at Four Peaks.  Last night we were taken care of.  Another fun event at Four Peaks Brewing Company.	2009-10-11	1	0	0
fxuHwS-Z6OLGN9y6VQ7sbg	fdpSckVuIARSUdI9Us4C9A	hrYTy0jHjEV_Ywkuyhn_7g	3	For come reason this seems to be not up to par compared to Costco.  Everything just seems so...dead. -  - Luckily Sam's Club makes up for it with it's brown box pizza.  The three meat pizza for $9.00 is simply awesome.  One of my favorite places to go to for pizza.  Normally my work buys this pizza but normally I just walk into Sam's Club without a card and say I plan to get a card.  Which is true, I really do plan to get a card one day... -  - It wasn't really busy either, this is a decent place.   -  - #3meatpizza - #FTW	2012-01-19	1	1	2
y5TvHRTnaKXp9JG7NfdCOQ	SazFxQogqwJAMbi3dTFVuw	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	4	Someone I used to work with described this place as the closest thing to Europe to her since she was from Poland. I wouldn't know, I've never been to Europe before, but I can say this place is very nice, full of designer boutiques and great restaurants. The gondola rides looked cool too, and I was so excited to hop on the gondola, but the ride kinda blows because you pretty much ride from one corner, and then turn around and go back, and then the gondolier (sp?) talks in a cheesy italian accent and sings an even cheesier song. But I give them credit for that, that is their job I guess. There are alot of other entertainers around, acting like statues or on stilts or singing songs as well. Its a fun place to shop and browse if you don't feel like wasting away gambling.	2006-11-17	2	0	3
zLUwe60sWf6kUcgvzBo0HQ	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	3	CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP! - Their cab driver special, after 12am, is perfect for the gamblers and party goers. The food is inexpensive and the service is lacking. The quality of the food on special is below par. I ordered a burger recently, medium well, and it was over cooked. It tasted like newspaper. Sure I had just come back from the Strip and was exhausted and I ate it all, but it doesn't excuse the over cooked patty. my brothers biscuits and gravy were cold. There is usually a long wait in line to be seated. I do enjoy their Chinese food, orange chicken is pretty decent. Its family style and we can all share. I will continue to go to Coronado Cafe since its cheap and opened late.	2011-11-03	0	0	0
2tmJjGIp4slMc0O6kmpIBA	uA3XsQqogLsjP7clEdt00w	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Came here initially to pick up spoons for soup but the moment I stepped in here I was sidetracked to aisle #1 to the left which was dedicated to everything Sanrio HELLO KITTY!  Stationary, jewelry, purses, accessories,party and school supplies, toys , all kinds of novelties geared towards young kids and the young at heart.  -  - Even though the retail store is small they sure did make good use of the space.  They've made the aisles narrow to fit everything.  Its  jammed packed with imports from Japan. Tea sets, Anime stuff, cookies, ie Pocky in Mango and Green Tea. .and Oreo Cookies with Cheesecake filling! All kinds of candy too!  Picked up Green Tea Kit Kats for stocking stuffers. Oh and dishes. .what I came here initially for! Good choice selection for soup spoons!   -  - As far as prices they charge here I think its fair and reasonable. Sure I can probably get some stuff cheaper elsewhere but items they stock are better quality, not that mass produced cheap junk you order from OTradingCo.  And yes it is at a discount.  I've paid more $ for HK jewelry elsewhere. Actually Mr. B said he paid $$ more and said this place was way cheaper. -     - Store employees were pretty helpful. Even walked me to the aisle and pointed out where the utensils I needed.  -  - This store is one of those stores where you'll spend more time in here than you should. My kinda store!	2013-12-19	7	3	6
m7seCvf9YcQV2v_bl8FM8Q	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	4	I tried the Mac & Cheese which was the best I have EVER had. The waiter was extremely rushed so our meal for 3 people took a while to come. However, we were seated on the patio overlooking the strip, which was pretty awesome in my opinion. Even though it was really hot it was an experience that will not be forgotten. I loved the Oreo Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate that we all shared!	2011-07-01	0	0	0
L8vPyi2DzzWSqmKh9zv_6w	W3jMr5dHJSe_CfzcpNGFww	c97L-JxPZ5EDnhq6SMc9Hw	1	I have a very detailed review regarding my experience with Dr. Hunt and her staff on google and Angie's list, however, I am limited on my space, so I will only tell the basics.  -  - I had been a patient of Dr. Hunt's office for over 4 years. Dr. Hunt even delivered my 1st baby. Until I was pregnant, I never saw the same Dr. or NP twice in a row. Once I became pregnant, I mostly saw just Dr. Hunt (besides 2 times because she wasn't in). Throughout the years the waiting time got longer and longer. Almost every time I went in, the waiting room was full. There were times I waited up to an hour and 15 minutes, while I was pregnant. There were also times that I had to reschedule because they had over booked their patients and I didn't have the time to wait because I had to go back to work. Basically, they seemed to be very unorganized.  -  - The staff were friendly, but very incompetent and had lack of communication.It makes sense why they had such a high turnover, and even then, they couldn't get it right. I can't even tell you how many messages I had left with no avail, which is what ultimately led to me finally finding another Doctor. -  - Dr. Hunt is a very knowledgeable doctor, however, she lacks the bed side manner that most women want in an Ob/gyn. She comes off very passive and, at times, very insincere.  -  - It turns out, that if you have any questions or concerns and Dr. Hunt is not "available", whether it be her day off or she's out of town, you are to wait until her return.This had happened to me on numerous occasions. Not even her medical assistant, Anne, is able to get a hold of her and/or answer you questions, nor does she know how to return phone calls. Finally, after much frustration, I spoke to Dr. Hunt. I was thinking that once I spoke to Dr. Hunt, I would express my concerns and she would make me feel better. To my surprise, she did the exact opposite. -  - I addressed my frustration regarding receiving a return call when I have questions or concerns about prescribed medicine and/ or a question I may of forgot to ask while I was in there earlier that day/week, and how I didn't like that it would take me several days to get an answer. She, Dr. Hunt, proceeded to tell that, if she was off or out of town and my concerns were not " an emergency" or "important", that I had to wait. I expressed my confusion and told her that I was shocked how she ran her office. It was then, with a very matter-of-fact attitude, she said to me " maybe it's time you find another doctor". Shocked, I told her, I planned to. I was in a bit of dis-belief that she was quick to shoo me as a patient, as well as, the fact that she had no regard to my concerns or the obvious problems within her office.  -  - I have since found another doctor, which I really like, but I am upset that I stayed with Dr. Hunt for so long. I trusted her. I let her deliver my baby. I should've found another doctor earlier, but to be honest, I didn't want to look for a new one once I became pregnant, which is when things in her office, really, became an issue.   -  - This was, by far, the worst experience I have had with any kind of doctor. Lessened learned. I,now, do my homework when looking for doctors, which is how I found my new doctor, and hope it will help YOU to find a good doctor as well.	2013-12-22	0	1	3
blo_mhcYYtMnv9hBa6klMQ	kufnnFsB28y8TbJm1o9vHw	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	I've bought two pairs of Nikes from this store and have been very happy with my selections plus with the customer service I received each visit I made to this location. Very friendly staff, very helpful as well, and always a great selection of shoes and styles. -  - I have recommended a few people I know to this location.	2014-05-24	0	0	0
uwyJWuJxQoVk5myESD4rsQ	FABjKVuA6qUgE2_wB6tUsw	jd2I4RZqZ3cjBLtkp7LFZg	1	I am writing this review a little late but I needed to. My husband and I went there last year & we've been there before. I've bought shirts & sweaters the last time & was happy that I've decided to go again. I've never been treated in a clothing store the way they've treated me. I was so mad that I wrote their corporate office regarding their staff. I was trying on 4 different items & patiently waited, browsing around while waiting for a fitting room. Once ready, I was rushed in there by one of the floor people. I need to mention I was ignored when we walked in which was fine as sometimes I want to be left alone. My husband helped me pick up the clothes to try on. As I was trying the 2nd item, the employee asked me if I had any clothes I didn't want so she could put it away. She didn't ask how I was, she didn't ask if I needed help, she just wants to put things away. I was too busy to think about her question, that I just said no. While I was trying on the 3rd dress, I realized it was too big so I needed a smaller size, I peeked out of the dressing room but no one was available to help me. I asked my husband to grab me another size. As I was trying on the last item, again, one of the ladies asked if I had things to put away. I gave her one of the items which was too big, & by this time I was really getting irritated. When I handed it to her, she tells me that there's a long line of people waiting for the fitting room! WTH! Let me just say, I hate trying on clothes, & because of that I'm always rushing when I do. So for her to say that, I was fuming mad! NEVER have I've been told when I try on clothes to hurry up. I was soooo mad I was going off on the cashier who apologized but didn't really seem to care. My husband was so pissed off he told me to just leave them. Well, I liked the outfits so I took them but I told them off. I know there was a couple of women in the store holding clothes but didn't seem like they cared. I waited so why couldn't they? The last time I was there, it was a different experience but this last experience I had, I will NEVER ever go back there. I spent quite a lot of money there before but I would rather shop somewhere where customers are treated with respect.	2012-09-26	0	1	0
bAipiJY5X8yUIJLOBr-M3g	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	mIvSJ8FJXI1v9X64K0wzwg	4	One of the few dining options with reasonable prices in Las Vegas.  Somehow my friends and I always end up here after a fun night out clubbing and we're starving and want some good, simple food fast.  Sandwiches are a great price for the taste (and for being on the Las Vegas Strip) -- $6-8.  There's also a variety of drinks, desserts, snacks, soups and a kid's meal. - I tried the caprese sandwich, tasted great.  Ordered an Earl's Frozen Lemonade.  It was very very sweet, way too sweet.  Felt like I was drinking lemon syrup.  It was under $3 and I was dehydrated, so I didn't waste too much money.  I also ordered a soup, which is also at a low price of about $3.	2010-04-01	7	5	8
Ps2JsbgmtOujndF6PLkdeA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	VP8p0UYM0i9EOdhT8cm2Gg	5	This buffet has got to be one of the best buffet ever. Love that they have international food. Their halibut is a must try..it totally melts in your mouth. Their desert section is amazing. Heard their oysters is one of best too. Too bad being preggo, I'm unable to try those little suckers out. Overall, this is the best buffet by far. Probably better than m buffet in my opinion...so I'll definitely be back on my next vegas trip..	2012-10-15	0	0	0
EpU674VCuuHOYYuviSaltw	dfOFgjhuEp5GdHJhVzjOAA	dB7-x4PxV7V1NfKajY4itA	5	Love this place  -  - $ 20 dollars does make you relax! -  - Do it to yourself!	2013-09-18	0	0	0
u5VaCj3MW_YZf5AiFZqYeA	z-eC60_lycTCetjkN-HcRg	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	This review is based solely on my initial evaluation. First off I waited almost 4 months to get an appointment (either a really good sign or really crappy management). Finally they called me to schedule my son for an appointment. I thought my boy had the beginnings of a stutter so I wanted to get him checked up (Lord knows its tough enough to be a kid...and throw a possible speech impediment in the mix). I was told to be there at 9am and maybe a wee bit earlier to fill out the necessary paperwork. -  - We were called back promptly and met with Smitha. Smitha was AMAZING with kids. She assessed his stutter by conversing with my boy. They had a blast looking at pictures, playing with Play-dough and messing around with the cool toys. She asked me about his home life and possible contributing factors. She concluded that he didn't have a problem and this was very normal for 3-4 year old boy. I was given some tips on how to help him even further.  -  - I am so thankful I don't need to send my boy to regular speech therapy. I am glad Smitha was so honest (she could have easily said that I needed to send him there twice a week). I will forever recommend My Left Foot and Smitha to all my friends with kids.	2011-04-26	1	0	1
BIkwttfEx_vjPK9_2-5zpQ	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	gkCVBbwEgnNfpCgUQMrj6A	3	I went a few weeks ago with some friends . Only reason I am going with 3 stars is they had really good burgers , loved the fries but my burger was not so hot. Otherwise it would have gotten a 4 or 5 star. I got the Kiki burger . We were told the chef prefers medium which I went yay its what I prefer. So I got mine medium and the guys got theirs medium rare and medium. Let me warn you. Medium is not or at least for the person cooking that night a light pink. It was a lot closer to medium rare. Almost redish pink all the way through. I couldn't wait to try it since I adore mushrooms and a good mushroom burger. Its one of my favorite three things in the world to eat. My friend ate here all the time and just raved about it so I figured it had to be good.  -  - When I cut the burger in half to start eating it I took a bite and went omg I can't eat it, it tastes almost raw. We called the server over told them it was to rare and found out that's what was considered medium here. So I asked for a medium well. While the guys ate their burgers. (both graciously offered to wait for mine to be made which I said no eat) I munched on the fries we ordered. Sweet potato fries probably one of the two best I have ever had. Yummy dipping sauce, crunchy on the outside and creamy middle. The truffle fries .... all I can say is so good and addictive. Salt and Pepper ate one but had to stop due to the peppers on it. :(   -  - After a few minutes my burger came back out and much to my shock it was the same burger cut in half with a bite missing where I had taken a bite. Not wanting to cause issues I shrugged and ate it. Now i am sure had it not been cut in half it would have been wonderful (and less icky thinking of it going back on the grill and back onto my plate) not just good. Anyone who cooks knows you can't cut open a piece of meat and re-grill it without losing most of it juiciness. My friend had the Mister Ho and the other had the Miyagisan. Both looked really good and had rave reviews from them. I will end up going back to try once more. Hoping it is better next time.	2012-01-06	1	0	2
ciWi5yrBbxbViYYBvL-vqA	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	OOLEEaWVDBGqcuHRsVWinA	4	Delicious broth, fresh noodles and affordable. Don't know of any ramen place in Vegas so this is a must try if you are a ramen fan! The pork belly rice bowl was also super yummy!	2011-04-22	0	0	0
sc61CAzPaTS72QkcisTaZQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	r8oWB3bY2kyKJbk_Bp1aig	4	Not that secret, which is good because my hungover body desperately needed pizza and liquids-- -  - Like, for how things go in Vegas, good value. Should have more places like it and fewer like FIRST at the Venetian	2012-09-06	0	0	0
1HGkOoyxtke7HiomyrssvA	1Ue0s0Aw2kwVAB9FU4gjzQ	zlclvg5aUgkakxacIpCNuQ	5	Coolest comic book store in town! A great place to explore comics of different genres and has you exploring. Not only do they have a great variety of comics but it's also a great place to get gifts, board games and shirts. Ralph is the best and his staff are awesome!	2014-04-14	1	0	1
P-Wny17tW3hqvoEJo5BuxA	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	kkzoTv-HgIz3JZw2y9y-Gg	1	I was so disappointed by this restaurant.  It was pretty sad that the best thing we ordered was water.   The goat cheese queso fundido was recommended by the waiter; it was chunky cheese that was halfway cold by the time it got to our table.  I ordered Bass.  It was so soggy, almost inedible.  AndI couldn't believe that the food at Bobby Flay's restaurant was BLAND?!?!  So odd!  The after-dinner cocktails were super, super strong.  I like to drink, but I don't usually do pulls of Hawkeye Vodka on the rocks, and that's what it tasted like to me!  I would try another restaurant; there are plenty of them on the strip!	2012-10-02	0	0	0
ronc9kvSj7NcLWDyVP6BOQ	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	We went to citizen public house last night because we were in the old Town Scottsdale area and wanted to try somewhere new. We found this place on Yelp, of course, and saw that it had stellar reviews. -  - We got right in and were seated in the outdoor section and had AJ as our waiter. It was a fun atmosphere, well kept, and had a great appearance / decor. Our waiter was quick to give us recommendations when we were trying to decide between items, and was the first to tell us when he thought one thing was better than another. This is much appreciated, and as with other similar experiences, we've found the waiters who are willing to do so make excellent recommendations.  -  - Our food was prepared perfectly. I had the lamb burger, which was seasoned well and came with a side of fries. I also tried their seasonal cider which was good. They have a full bar and wine selections as well. The patio area had a nice view overlooking the street. The price level was fairly average for a popular restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale.  -  - My wife had the truffle grilled cheese, which she also enjoyed. For dessert we tried the brownie. It was a fudge brownie with chocolate chips and a scoop of ice cream on top, as well as, a caramel garnish. The only thing I would say that would make it better, was if the brownie was hot. Overall we had a good experience and I would be interested in coming back and trying other options on their menu.	2014-04-15	1	0	1
6P1PURN4uDE0ELQpkpx_GQ	JGUqJWpQnM003_p6qCWurg	ASKX2P9GAUmz7_RRuLm4_Q	5	This is a new office located very close to my home and when I heard about it, I figured it was about time to get my eyes checked.  -  - Dr. Lam was extremely thorough and answered each question I asked with great detail.  She also answered questions that I had in my head but hadn't actually asked yet.   -  - The actual office/store is very inviting and has a great selection of modern and more traditional frames.	2013-10-28	0	0	0
0xEAapvqlGuWDjiqz9TC_w	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	I had the privilege to go here for a girlfriend's 30th birthday party. There were just 6 of us and we were seated right away at a table near the door (which was perfect so we could see our friends arrive). We started with a pitcher of red sangria, which was absolutely perfect. It goes down WAY too easy. -  - We ordered dishes bit by bit. The highlights were: - Bacon wrapped dates - a must have whenever you come here - Lox on toasted brioche, creme fraiche, tomatoes, capers with a dill vinaigrette - So light and an excellent new find - Tomato basil bisque- I HATE tomato soup usually...until I tried this...served with a grilled cheese sandwich. - Calamari - will a garlic lemon aioli...not good for you but so dang tasty -  - The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the ahi tuna skewers. They weren't awful but they just didn't do it for me. Too much pineapple and mango and not enough tuna. Gotta take the good with the bad. -  - Our server was pretty attentive until the end. It was close to midnight and we wanted a round of shots to cheers the end of my friend's 20's. By the time he came back...there was 3 minutes left. We didn't get them until 5 minutes after so we were a bit bummed but still bid her last decade farewell. -  - Overall it was a great night and we had a blast...will be back soon :)	2011-04-16	2	1	3
_qwwXE-_V3s56EeX4IMBgA	mbbgs8HS0meLkmeWWWE-pQ	ZBdZ3WVQ1y4k-me6il6Ijg	1	IF I COULD GIVE A NEGATIVE STAR I WOULD  -  - This is BY FAR the worst nail salon I have ever visited. I strongly suggest staying FAR away from this place.  -  - Unless of course you want to be treated like crap, spend 4+ hours in there on a full set and pedi, and want your nails to fall off in less than a week and send nearly twice the price any other salon charges.  -  -  -  - (details)  -  - I went in a few months ago to have the works done, spa pedicure with nail art, a full set of ink and white, and 3D art. When I came in, no one seemed to want to help me, a good five minutes into trying to get someones attention, I was told it would be 20+ minutes until my service. When the time came, a middle age Asian man sat down to do my nails, he left multiple times in the middle of doing them to use the phone and smoke, a pedicure only takes a good twenty minutes to do, was he really feeling that badly? Then when he went to do my nails he cut them all slanted and way too short, also chopping off my natural nail and cutting my skin. When I asked him to re do one of them to make it longer, he got an attitude and told me to let him do HIS job. I had a horrible experience here and my nails fell off in less than a week with ZERO activities that would cause that to happen.  -  - A few months passed so I decided to go back, because it is the only place that is open late. I was in a bit of a hurry because I had an event to go to. I arrived at 830pm and had the same issue, no one seemed to want to assist me, and when they did, again it was going to be a wait. I took my time chose my nail polish and decided to pick the crackle with another color. KIMBERLY (an older black lady) sat me down to do my pedicure, when she went to paint my toes it came out mushy and clumpy and she continued to try and paint them that way, when I asked her to remove it and use a different polish similar she got u with a huge attitude and grabbed nail polish remover and poured it into the bottle and tried to continue to paint my toes with bad nail polish OVER the already clumpy mess that was on my toes. I was fed up at this point ( at this time I had already been in the salon over an HOUR). She finally gives up and decided to do nail art to look like cracks (10 extra dollars), this takes another half of an hour. Mind you they charge 45 dollars for a PEDICURE plus the ten dollars for art. OH and in the middle of doing my nails she kept getting  up, whats the deal with these technicians?  - Okay, so my toes are finally done and she starts to do my nails, I had her remove the full set on I had before because I wanted my nails shorter but didn't want to get rid of the white at the tip. When I told her this she threw another attitude and said I wish I would have told her so she could have been soaking my nails the entire time, UGH now its going to take longer i want to go home she says. AGAIN at this point I should have  walked out. She goes to do my nails, cuts my finger clipping them, and when I tell her they are crooked and shorter then the skin on the tip of my finger she gets an attitude and says the same thing "How about you let me do my job". Seriously lady? She had the worst attitude.  -  -  - I went to go pay and they tried telling me it would be 145$. ARE U SHI***** me? 45 for the pedicure 10 for the design 45 for WHITE  TIP 10$ for the nail removal 10$ for the ONE 3D art I got on my right ring finger. I didn't even get gel on my nails. Thats 120, where did the extra $ come  from? I left that place in tears and still tiped her 10$ (way less than I would have had she  treated me properly).  -  - I spent a week trying to get a hold of a manager, no one would call me back or handle my complaint, I called the owner on her cell phone and she never called me back. A week went by from when I got my nails done., and THREE OF MY NAILS FELL OFF!!! I wasnt doing anything when this happened. once when I was changing and the other two when i was in bed resetting with my boyfriend, talk about embarrassing. I CALLED AGAIN and spoke with the owner she remained SILENT on the phone and said nothing, never asked for the technicians name and her response was I LIKE ALL MY EMPLOYEES, she admitted to planning on doing NOTHING and she told me there is NOTHING that she can do, no refund, and I can not come in and get my broken nails fixed.  -  - I hope this place gets shut down.	2012-05-03	0	1	5
AH5aCE47PdviNeqf6_2ajQ	rDyAYMl4kRnut0mruZctOw	_F_Veo7apY0NbBhKWJ7DJg	5	Lots and lots of frames here. Great frames with lots of variety. Or you can also have them custom frame for you.  -  - This place is large and very professional. It doesn't feel at all mom and pop like lots of framing stores do.  -  - I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do.	2013-09-05	0	0	0
L8kuq4BLH8w9RzcrO4apNQ	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	ur0_XAlgI_9ihQFzQl-bxg	4	Pros - King Crab legs were really great. They crack them at the table for you and one order is a lot so I would share between 2 people. Very meaty. It's served cold which was different than what I'm used to, but it was still great. It says market price but it was $79 last night and I couldn't tell you the poundage, but we also ordered scallops, shrimp cocktail and a cup of soup, all to share, and couldn't finish the crab!  - The scallops were very delicate and melt in your mouth yummy. One did have some sand in it, crunch crunch, but I guess that's expected sometimes.  -  - The lobster bisque was delish! We shared it, it's very rich but yummy. Would be awesome on a rainy day (still good with 115 degrees outside)  -  - If there has to be a con... The shrimp cocktail was really really good.., but each shrimp is basically $4 each! But fresh, cold and meaty. Haha funny I'm ok spending $80 on crab but not $16 for shrimp.  -  - Maybe I watch too many Gordon Ramsay shows, but I agree that the tuxedo attire for wait staff is a little funeral home. Our server was super sweet and very great at her job though. A little stuffy overall but elegant.  -  - Service was fast and friendly, we would go back if we're wanting great seafood and paying for it ($140 before a tip for 1 soup, 1 shrimp cocktail, 1 order scallops, 1 order king crab legs) the bread basket was amazing too!! Carb heaven!	2013-06-09	0	0	0
3fqj5aQlcp8ev2EptBPjLA	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	5	this place is so good. By accident, I stubmled upon this joint in the corner of the Cosmopolitian two years ago. (so hard to find). It's only worth it to buy the whole pie. (slices are too expensive). - I order a pepperoni mushroom sausage pie, take it up to the pool. lounge on one of those seats near the 8-tv screen area and watch football. life doesn't get much better than that. its NY style pizza. The cheese is soo gooey, the toppings are plentiful. not much to complain about this joint.	2012-06-10	0	0	0
LiS02fA3OCN4wVXOEIWgvQ	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	zWlV1T4YAOUzmnLc2yP9ew	4	Like some other yelpers, The Buffet at the Wynn was my favorite. I wanted to try the Wicked Spoon too, but this was closer to where we were staying. I think this is a close tie between Wynn and Bacchanal. We came here on a Monday afternoon thinking there wouldn't be a longass line. Oh man, there was a longass line. We waited for about 40 minutes, but it was worth it! We were pretty hungry by the point we got to our table, and I got to say they have a good variety like the Wynn. All the seafood dishes were very good. The one I liked most was the grits. So good. Mac and Cheese, roasted potatoes, salmon, prime rib, brisket, tiramisu were just so awesome. They also have juices in cute bottles, but they didn't stand out too much. I was waiting for the crab legs to come out, but the wait was too long. I like this place a lot. Good Job, Caesars Palace!	2012-12-07	0	0	0
nx5dHy5ARFd2ifXN5iwQSw	ncuj9qx4WjprfJfYJGdmtQ	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	4	Smeeks is the latest addition to the anti-mall at Camelback & Central that houses Frances, Stinkweeds, Red Hot Robot, and Halo. I love it -- candy fits perfectly among the other businesses now obscured by the Dutch Bros. on the corner. Unfortunately, I've become addicted to Old Faithful bars ("Named after the famous geyser in Yellowstone National Park. Just as reliable!") at $1.50 a pop.  -  - The place is just freakin' adorable, right down to the charming typeface on the sign. They sell all kinds of goodies -- old-school soda, semi-forgotten confections, cool and vaguely dangerous toys, etc. It's retro/ironic or nostalgic/sincere fun, depending on your inclination. Check it out and grab some goodies!	2009-08-10	4	2	5
c69ZgsqiUhM2EeVmOMT22Q	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	n3qwZp4LVzijrNFvBqIDtA	5	This is the best Thai restaurant. I eat Thai in every city that I travel to. I would recommend if you go with a group, order multiple entrees and serve family style. Two must entrees. Duck panang curry and Seabass drunken noodles. However, I've tried most everything and there is nothing I didn't like.	2014-01-31	0	0	0
4DnCWZMgFKHqBbLwtjtBOg	MMM2S_9t9_oRXsrniLJR1A	u-RRf3qM-c1xiP9HNYY9Bg	5	The only reason I originally went to Dr Banchik's office was because I have no dental insurance and she had a special on Groupon. However, after my visit I plan on going back and have already made an appt for my fiance. The office staff was extremely friendly. The office is gorgeous and has all of the state of the art equipment. I would highly recommend anyone looking for a dentist to try out this office.	2011-04-10	0	0	0
tHTLQS-a9nqu-mHIqHkA7g	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	qRY6kVlUasvY6wdhH-TLLQ	5	We've eaten at Saint Francis twice in the last two weeks.  Both times the lunch and the service was great but the BEST thing was the dessert.  Their sticky toffee pudding with dates is indescribable!	2011-01-17	0	0	1
rMPzgOsTXkD2Q-A5P9DDQA	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	After all my Yelp friends were raving about this place I had to give it a whirl. I glanced at the menu online and fell in love with about 5 different crepes (which you can make into waffles as well)....so as you can imagine I was excited to try this place out. -  - The minute we get there I couldn't have been happier. We were warmly greeted by Sandra and Lee (I think he's the owner). They explained the whole Japanese crepe thing to me and I was even more sold. I asked for help on deciding between the Elvis (peanut butter, banana and honey) or the Bananas Foster (banana, brown sugar, caramel and cinnamon). Sandra, without hesitation, blurted out Bananas Foster (gotta love her). Then I asked what kind of ice cream (they have a few you can choose from)...she said vanilla would be my best bet too. I was already going for broke on the calorie meter so I thought I would add whipped cream just because she said its good (and it was included in the price).  -  - OMGOODNESS! The fruit was so fresh, the caramel, brown sugar and cinnamon were perfect compliments, the ice cream and whipped cream was delightful and the crepe shell was perfect (not to sweet but not flavorless). They formed it into a cone shape which held the ingredients together perfectly. They also wrapped it in a paper...which was a bit hard to unravel...but I eventually figured it out.  -  - I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK. Everything was amazing. Thank you Lee, Sandra and Alex...your hospitality and food are wonderful.	2011-04-05	2	0	1
0gwPhFJQgrT2fUtO817isg	PvRGbTosdScecvPlB5kVfA	QdD8xtYML5a4Nch6NWEpLA	5	I highly recommend Associated Dentists for their dental services. We started going to them a couple of years ago after we got several word of mouth references from friends and neighbors. And we have no regrets about making the decision to use them for dental services. The office staff is highly professional and very approachable. Their hygienists are top notch technical professionals who treat their jobs with pride and their patients with respect. I have every confidence in the care they give to me and my family.	2014-04-14	0	0	0
SWLiiLcUnUcc0yIeY080hA	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	I finally got to eat @ Egg & I this past Saturday, 03/30/13. Monday comes along and I'm back in the office and I read that a car plows into this restaurant. WTF? I hope everyone who was injured in this moronic act a speedy recovery. I also hope they are able to be fully operational again ASAP (if not already).  -  - Egg & I is located minutes from the strip on Sahara. I believe their other restaurant goes by the name of Egg Works. This restaurant is open everyday but only between the hours of 6am-3pm. We got plastered the night before and somehow were able to wake up and drive our zombie behinds to eat here the next day right before noon. The wait wasn't too bad considering the restaurant isn't too big to begin with.  -  - Our server Jacky was a sweet heart. She was uber friendly and attentive even when it seemed like the restaurant was chaotic. How many other tables did she have with a bunch of hung over dudes, possibly acting a fool beats the hell out of me. She was holding it down like a seasoned veteran. She started us off with that infamous banana nut muffin. This is not to be missed especially with a cup of joe. -  - Not going to lie and say that this place serves health conscious types of food. They may have some "lighter" dishes but the menu is dominated by heavy hitters. Everything we ordered was either smothered with country gravy or had some sort of heavy but tasty sauce. We thought of this great game plan to all order our own entrees and add an extra French toast plate to share amongst the five of us. Bad, bad decision. One entre is an adequate amount of grub. Anymore, you may want to check your blood pressure. -  - There are plenty of choices on their menu and as you can imagine, numerous egg inspired dishes. From skillets to classics, you'll find something for everyone. I had the Country Benny, you can look it up yourself. Let's just the menu states, "This one's a heart stopper." Need I say more? That dish was good but I also hated life afterwards. No regrets, it was delish while I was conquering that beast but just be ready for the consequences. -  - Egg & I is definitely a hit. I can see why locals and tourists flock to this establishment. We ate here and I had to immediately go back to our hotel to pass out and recover in time for night two. Only in Sin City...	2013-04-04	3	3	5
sgjnMAubgVt_9IekZoGiZg	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	4	So nice to get off the strip and try something different while visiting Las Vegas!  Stopped by for a late, light lunch on a Thursday.  The service was friendly and attentive.  Sitting outside was nice.  The gumbo was dandy as was the crab cake. Hubby loved the fries but I like them crispy-er so I had to hunt for the little crunchy ones.  Great flavor, though.  Bill for the foregoing with a VooDoo ale and 2 glasses of house chardonnay came to $35.  Don't know if I'd make a special trip to come here but it's certainly worth it if you are in the area.	2013-10-06	0	0	0
8gRpjAd7Mqa_Wz0rY4j81Q	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	qZplEAK_DziQQ-WFD1xxgw	5	Hosted my wedding brunch here!!  The staff, food and room was amazing!!!	2014-06-18	0	0	0
26ziIDkPdD_voFH1Z4NqDw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	2	I might be biased because I'm not a fan of pizza....but then I don't think I'm biased because I can tell from a good pizza to an average pizza...and this is no good pizza. -  - My boyfriend usually gets hungry during night time.  Since we are already staying at The Cosmopolitan, we decided to hunt down this place and check out the "mystery" secret pizza place.  He's a typical guy's guy so pizza is his thing, and even he said that it was average.	2013-08-08	0	1	0
NbfQ_7T5YREWpw3Em-VCpg	MglY-6zpPbBUhbCZElSwrA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	My stylist, Ashley Rae, did a phenomanal job today.  With my arm in a sling, she took all my worries away, gave me a new do, and made me queen for a day, as usual.  Their "I DESERVE IT" deal for May/June includes manis or pedis.  Check it out!	2013-05-03	0	0	0
yoKoogOohAPfdn637SN_TA	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	itv4pB3tbT7eMuVrFU65Tg	4	This is the restaurant my family goes to after Diamondbacks games. Really yummy, creative pizzas. Open late too.	2005-07-18	0	0	0
0SSgNtdYSNl_EF_fVlXFxA	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	KMXEK4UY49LXjxMzcEKqrw	3	The 2 hour wait plus the $50 price tag for this buffet was not worth it. Even after the 3 creme brulees I ate. -  - I blame Frank K.	2007-12-30	6	14	5
yaAEO1UnkGIB0fd4C-4imQ	LUFA1zyso9upnRQnO2qbQA	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	5	How I ended up here was bitter, but when I FINALLY left, it was sweet. On October 31, 2011, my OB told me immediately to go to St. Rose, to go in for overnight observation because my BP was too high and it could/would affect my pregnancy. At the time, I was 30 weeks pregnant and even though I started to have complications at 28 week, I never expected to go into the hospital so soon. -   - As soon as we got there, we went straight to the third floor (Labor and Delivery). I walked through the doors and went to check in. I said, "My doctor just called here and told me to come here." The secretary (or whatever her job title was) said, "Oh, you must be Grace. We're getting your room ready. Once we have your room, you can go right in and we'll bring your paperwork to you." So it literally was less than 5 minutes before I was whisked away to my room, told to change into my lovely blue gown and told to wait for further instructions. Within one hour, I was hooked up to an IV, told my BP was going to be monitored every 15 minutes, my blood sugar was going to be checked every hours, and was going to be given a  steroid shot to help my baby's lungs. Everything happened so fast that I still was thinking, "Dang, who's gonna cover my shift tonight at work?!"  -  - The doc making the rounds that night pretty much told me that I was going to be in for overnight observation, but it could lead up to more depending on my condition. Well, one night led to another...and another...and another. Altogether, my lovely stay at St. Rose was 15 days (not including the 2 weeks after because my baby was in the NICU). I was told I needed to be on complete bed rest, watch my diet and told to RELAX (-- which is tough for me to do). The first week I was there was pure torture. I was bored. Wanted to cry. Felt bad for being stuck there and even worse thinking that my hospital bill will be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. But...let me tell you...if it weren't for the nurses, the doctors and all the people that work at St. Rose, I'm sure the tail end of my pregnancy would have been a much worse experience. Every morning the cleaning lady and I would chit chat and it was a breath of fresh air. The nurses were all so nice and sweet (and I had a few favorites). I was loaned a TV with an Xbox and DVD player. I was given a refrigerator for my room. I was given a stack full of magazines to kill the boredom and the daily visits from Shawn (the lady who handles all the food for the patients) was the sweetest lady in the world. I hear horror stories about some women's experiences at the hospital and from the moment I got there, till I left, I was given such good care, I truly felt spoiled once I left. I was not only grateful that my wonderful insurance covered my stay...I was grateful that my memory of this experience was so good I remember it like it was yesterday.  -  -  - Right after the birth of my daughter, because of her size and condition, she had to stay in the hospital for two more weeks. Those weeks were tough...and made me appreciate what the nurses do, what the doctors do and what the parents go through. I was fortunate that Lilly was just being monitored because of her size and eating habits (which are great now), but what I witnessed made me feel for the parents whose babies were in much more difficult situations. My experiences with the NICU nurses were all over the board. I had some that were so attentive, caring and willing to educate me on the care of a preemie. Some were cold, indifferent and you could tell were tired and overworked. Some were talkative and friendly and others were forceful and treated you like you weren't good enough of a parent. I tried to put myself in their shoes and just made the decision to appreciate what they did for my child.  In the end, I learned a lot in the NICU and I think my child being there for a couple of weeks, helped me cope with the stress of having a newborn and healing from a C-section. - If I have another baby...I am sooooo having a child here again. I not only will vouch for their service, but their expertise, care and compassion.   -  - The check in process was probably different for me because of the circumstances I was under, but the check out process was just as smooth. When I had questions about billing, someone immediately came up to my room. On my last day, I was never pressured to leave at a certain time or anything. Even when I was visited by the lady from the billing department, we were able to work out a payment plan that took so much weight off my shoulders.  -  - Kudos to Shawn who gave my baby a blanket (she didn't need to) and helped me have the best food I could, but still fall within the diabetic guidelines!! LOL!!!	2012-03-10	2	0	4
S9JyRCyA9zflJRdHwTeWbw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	D3kBC-5fPND_rnKIidrvLA	3	Came here for brunch on labor day weekend... the wait was not too long but it looked really packed! love the patio seating, great seats for people watching especially in the blazing heat.... but hey get some mimosas to cool you down.... they had a bloody mary bar which i thought was really amazing...they give u a plain bloody mary and you can add all your garnishes with a variety of olives, celery, all kinds of hot sauce!  i ordered the open faced crab sandwich, escargot and jumbo shrimps....food was good... i'd come here just for the great seats and mimosas mainly though.	2010-09-14	1	0	1
U401-YFfgC-_QmGNulKINw	elKDW2151GDdM7QC8EgWAw	Rw6oRXlV9GX4n_YURc8f4Q	5	Josh is simply the best practitioner in Vegas.  If you need a tuneup or a serious adjustment josh has the skills and gameplan to restore you to health.  He takes a holistic approach to your good health.  So glad to find in vegas!	2013-10-29	0	0	1
OL_SgJ_Z1MOTtt1Nqyvahw	WorzvsB28dlSnCyuNslSdA	7zfbj9zWX8OwL6QlNfs6pw	4	50% off Saturdays today.  Cant beat the deals.  It smells funny here and be careful to not sit on an old couch.  If your looking for cheap this is your place.  Bought a few tennis rackets for $2.	2014-02-22	0	0	0
pPi_hBtgmoHCovG__ZoJ7Q	qGffC4h6UOTSkLhzjj59FQ	N9cWDLA5RgbGo00N1z9Cng	3	Eh, I would have rather had Chipotle. I don't think any of the meats were anything special. The pig was too wet and the steak was too sweet. The chicken was just chicken (honestly didn't taste too different or have a different mouth feel from the chicken at El Pollo Loco). It was okay, but I don't think I'd make a special trip to it if I were visiting Vegas from somewhere else.	2014-01-08	0	0	1
F71VF1nrUgPeWhpv5xIfng	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	SwQnQjs_THA7Rms-5Nd3Ag	5	Border Brunch... this combines 2 things that I love the most.. delicious Mexican Food and Breakfast. There is no way you can go wrong with this plan. The cost of the brunch is $25 and it is "all you can eat" but none of it is buffet style, instead they have created 17 items that are all tapas sized so that you can try any number of them and share them with your dining partners. The server mentioned that you could amp up the brunch with all you could drink mimosa's for only $5 more but we did not partake, this time ;-). The brunch is served downstairs on the patio that is located next to Mandalay Beach so when the weather is perfect like it was this past weekend you can enjoy the elements and the food.  -  - Every brunch starts off with the Chips & Salsa Trio.. all 3 salsas are great but the tomatillo is PERFECT. I wish I had read the review telling me to ask for the spicy salsa but I will save that surprise for my next visit.  -  - We shared the following dishes:  -  - Huevo Ranchero - Not my favorite dish, there was something about about the sauce that I wasn't fond of. BUT, the next item was great...  -  - Breakfast Enchilada - This is not your typical rolled enchilada but it is a stacked version that was delicious. I would order this one again.  -  - Coconut French Toast - This was the biggest surprise of the brunch. The coconut was not overpowering and the sourdough bread was perfectly cooked.  -  - Biscuit and Sausage Gravy - Not much "Mexican" about this dish but the sausage gravy was great and the buttermilk corn biscuit was yummy.  -  - Mini Breakfast Burrito, Chorizo and Egg Taco and the Carne Asada Taco - All were very good.  -  - Machaca Chilaquiles - This was my FAVORITE dish of the day. I could have eaten a full sized order of this or multiple small sized portions. Chilaquiles is something that I am always on the look out for and once you add amazing beef brisket you get a dish that you will remember forever.  -  - Overall the atmosphere, food and service were great and I would go back for this brunch anytime. If you are in Vegas or come to Vegas and don't try this brunch you might possibly regret it for the rest of your life...	2011-04-19	1	0	1
F8D7c3gm8C4vdgQuU9mwOA	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	KUtzHIs-Y2Va3STDlWa0iA	2	Very disappointing overall. My friend's sandwich was ridiculously greasy and my tempura fried ahi roll (I know, my fault for ordering that after midnight) was just not very good. Quite unhappy with my margarita too...waaaaay tooo sweet....if you leave a half drunk margarita at a table then you know something is not quite right. -  - It's not all bad news hence the 2 and not 1 star rating, it's open 24 hours, the service was solid and even the late night menu is as extensive as anything you'd find at the Cheesecake Factory.	2010-08-16	1	0	3
j_ko78y4A5jE7mt_yTT-8w	Db75Zr2zrKyiWzVUPkG2OQ	DOtQTggDX3ntGiHO-QIsnA	5	Can't go wrong for $38 for 1 hr. I have been going here weekly for almost two years now. All the staff are super duper nice and professional. Yes, they pick up their phones in the middle of massage but they're so good I don't care!	2012-11-20	1	2	1
nS7QYn5pDOqIfkQrlGEwQg	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	I'm not sure why I haven't been back here in so long but I am definitely going to try and come more often.  It was nice to see that business is still booming and they seem to have found their niche.  I love that although it looks like a bar inside it has so much more to offer than your traditional, deep fried bar food.  We started with our favorite, the lumpia Philippine spring rolls and then decided on a yummy wedge salad.  We landed up splitting a bowl of amazing roasted brussel sprouts mixed with cojita cheese.  But they know what they do best and that is brew beer.  The service has gone from weak to wonderful.  I'm glad to see they are going to be around for awhile.	2014-05-30	0	0	0
un8UJgJt81DRnC97dDmbkg	MN0OLvP8i0SirMJ7AMuMzA	eL9zF9XtQMdddfd7GmFbtA	4	Tried out P Rock on their 3rd Saturday night of being open.  We are Tony G's customers' from CALI.  Not only did we love Pizza Rock but we found familiar must haves from Pizza Napolitano in SF North Beach & throwbacks from Pyzanos.  Gorganzola fries, garlic green beans! Cal Italia pie & more.  Gotta have that Molinari classic salame from SF! - Shout out to our Bartender & server, ERIN for providing the best experience & keeping us very happy!  Good luck in SF, Erin!	2013-11-23	0	0	0
t087-TTzIhhQpjVuFd56eg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	2	Wicked Spoon, I feel so sorry for you. If it wasn't for Bacchanal Buffet, i would actually love you. - Last Friday Night, l paid $37..99 plus tax for Bacchanal, and it was the most amazing buffet meal of my life. - Following night, my three friends and I decided to try Wicked Spoon ($39.99). We paid and entered the food arena, After making few rounds scouring all the food stations, we decided to try to get our $ back because just everything at Bacchanal looked way better than Wicked Spoon and there was a lot more options. -  - The manager asked us why we wanted to get our money back. We told him the buffet at Caesars was better and cheaper than his buffet. He said "I am very sorry to hear about that. We have a much better selection in the brunch section, so be sure to come back for that", and we got our $ back. -  - If you have never been to Bacchanal, you will like Wicked Spoon. But once you go to Caesars, you simply can't go back.... -  - trust me on that.	2012-10-06	0	1	5
m6JECC-6z6Z01AGQIEN5cA	Y3eSWKC4W9X_2HYzOvEQDw	E8FSWBUXArSJU7cWpBXF7Q	5	My first experience with Woolf Eye Center was painless and pleasant. They office was welcoming and efficient handling my insurance and appointment.  The doctor was very knowledgeable and took his time during the exam. I appreciated that he explained the tests to me and what exactly my issues were. After the appointment he walked me to the eye glass area and introduced me to the person who fits you for glasses. There was no pressure, and I was thankful that Sam helped me choose just the right pair that would look good on my face type.  -  - The glasses came in just a few days later and are perfect. I have nothing negative to say, as everything could not of gone any smoother! -  - Thanks Dr. Woolf and staff!	2013-12-18	0	0	0
f9q172NiYt4CyBQnwkq93A	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	The regular location for #techlunchnorth, I was there again today. -  - I have been a fan of Chino Bandido for many years, and was pleased to be able to return, after moving back to AZ. -  - Today I ordered the jerk chicken, and carnitas. -  - The jerk chicken is always one of my choices; it's moist and tender, and the seasonings have enough of a kick to make it "jerk", but not enough for you to want to call the cook that. -  - The carnitas seemed a bit dry today. I've had it in the past, but today something seemed off. -  - Chicken-fried rice, and black beans, to round out the meal. -  - And the cookie is always a delicious treat after the meal. -  - Easy and fast, and good flavor. A perfect combination.	2010-06-10	1	1	1
5EkqA7ilLNnOXuZgoCpOxw	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	47lvVeXB-pE9L6Xj_b5Q4w	4	They do not have just one Picasso- the restaurant has them on every wall.  But this is not a theme restaurant the food is worth the trip.  I think the difference between the best and the rest is magic...something about the food, the service, the atmosphere that makes it an experience.  Something was missing here- the food was very good, the atmosphere was beautiful with the Bellagio fountains outside and the Picasso's, the service was really good.  The staff was relaxed but still professional, the busers were the stars responding to needs before I realized.  But if I was in Vegas for a special meal I would spend the extra money and go to Joel Robuchon at the MGM.  Can't get in there- then Picasso is a great second option.  Both offer veggie tasting menu's and cater to all kinds of can't eat issues like dairy, nuts, etc.  You can request a table by the window and really enjoy the fountain show that runs all night.	2008-02-23	1	0	1
dG3tuJe3JJ13IAeMMNCOVQ	BLHR4o5R4uTuRV0uY-COjg	HslReRAnURM1qrOTT0kZ5w	5	Getting eye mods at Schwartz Eye Center is hands down my favorite purchase over the course of my life. The experience was positive the entire way and I believe I chose very well in providers. Now that, I've had my corrected vision for almost 4 years, I can give a good assessment. -  - I went to Schwartz Eye Center in 2007 to investigate Lasik. With pretty severe nearshightedness, I fell just within the range of enough cornea to get Lasik. However, one of the assistants early in my visit gave me a heads up about phakic IOLs (Intra-ocular lenses), which are kind've like a contact lens inside the eye. I didn't know a lot about the tech behind it, so I asked Dr. Schwartz a lot of questions about those versus Lasik during my screening.  -  - I have to say Dr. Schwartz could also be my favorite doctor I've worked with (though my surgical experience is limited to this and some wisdom teeth removal). He's candid, but takes things seriously. He made time for my questions and gave very honest opinions. It was definitley a medical consultation and not a sales pitch. Throughout the process and up to the surgery, he was easy to trust. He's just a really good guy and that comes through up front. -  - As for the intra-ocular lenses, they were about twice the price of Lasik. So, I needed to do some good research before making any decisions. In the end I was sold and everything I found matched well to what Dr. Schwartz was telling me. The lenses are a pretty amazing option. They are placed in the eye and don't create any permanent changes to the eye like Lasik does. So, while they can sit in my eyes for the rest of my life without problem, they can also be removed and updated with better technology in the future. I'm a sucker for transhumanism, so I like to leave the options for the future open. Other practical points were that the smaller incision for surgery meant faster recovery, the halo effect was much less than Lasik for my very strong prescription and the material the lenses are made out of provide some minor UV protection (a nice bonus for a blue-eyed person in Phoenix at the time). -  - The lenses were great from the start and I've had 20/15 vision since, regularly forgetting that I ever wore contacts. It's just weird how far I can see now. Though, just being able to read an alarm clock in the morning is a more practical bonus. I'm really glad I found a provider who was updated on the newest technologies and ready to install them for me. -  - I also have to say that I really liked the staff as well. I got some fun moments in the office when other doctors would drop by the room and say, "Oh, you're the guy getting the lenses. Very cool." I don't think too many people as young as me opted for them, even though they're one of the coolest long term investments for a person in their 20s with poor vision. The admin staff was also really friendly and helpful. Billing was painless, which is a definite exception in medical care. Everyone was just so nice the whole way through.	2011-03-21	1	0	3
QU3zI9jKYdxjp6lo-2U4wA	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	KUtzHIs-Y2Va3STDlWa0iA	4	I've had 2 good meals here now (brunch and dinner) and Bouchon is a very solid 4 star place. The food is great (not amazingly great but very delicious nonetheless) and the service is well orchestrated. You can't go wrong having a meal here. -  - Bouchon is open till 2 for brunch on the weekends. They were nice and let us eat at the bar at 1:58pm:) My sourdough waffles were awesome! Seriously, so awesome and served with real maple syrup and vanilla infused butter. There is an extensive list of champagne cocktails to ease that Vegas hangover too:) -  - For dinner, you have to go with the steak frites. High-end french bistro food done right!	2010-08-16	0	0	1
aeQTllcNRL5zwGCafQdgfg	05tazaFQt1EnQ_Gk_1AFyg	O9qLGyDP6EMMymEV8TAA4g	5	How did they get an authentic Irish pub smack dab in the middle of Vegas strip? Of course... I got the Guinness! So good!!! And the music was so entertaining. I didn't reLly understand it, but I'm open for new experiences. The crowd is a bit older, but they're so fun!! Definitely coming back.	2014-06-06	0	0	0
QYF77z418wuqZa0Tjt9t2g	MljVwuO92Yjr7dKU1QlS8A	IlVP2CHI0NMkuEi76TynTQ	5	Allah is awesome!!	2013-03-09	0	0	1
6GB17pEF1harlBU7R9XQ8w	5tsqcZEvZYTpqux7_IGHVw	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	3	If I could only rate my technician (Asia) and the other two techs I've seen do work (Lexi/CC) I would give this place 5 stars! Unfortunately there is more to getting ur nails did than just the person doing them. - 1st-Everytime I call to make an appointment  I'm always put on hold, never once have I not have had to wait - 2nd-My appointment for a friend was scheduled on the wrong day and perhaps Tammy was having a bad day but she was not kind in any way. She said "what I am trying to explain to you" with the worst attitude ever and when I asked her name she was sure to annunciate Taaaaaammmmmy! Rude! - 3rd-During today's appointment I watched a receptions take a long personal call on the company line and received no "goodbye" or "thanks for coming" after spending $100 on my mani/pedi including tip! - 4th-If you are sick, stay home. The paying customers shouldn't have to hear personal talk between receptionists as we are trying to pay. If you want to charge top dollar for a service you must provide service worthy of top dollar!  - I might return I might not but if I do come back I now know to expect zero customer service at the front door and over the phone! The guy working the desk actually seemed to be nice and doing his job!	2013-08-30	3	0	4
PP5JYroeTP19RqvhvaFY6w	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	9:15 Pm...not a lot of places open in Moon Valley.  But they were SO accomodating.  Made us feel very welcome and helped my friend who is on a very limited diet right now.  Love the place.	2012-08-10	0	0	0
CMtEA1ahM_WCNdz9YHXOwQ	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	U1MZ0uCFc9X4ONk3RzwuAg	4	KoMex was so so delicious I enjoyed my kimchee rice and the bulgogi burrito.  I will definitely recommend this place to any of my friends and family...so yummy!! Will come again for sure!	2014-02-12	0	0	0
FFE4vB0CdatIvOS0AVlYrQ	8Pzdk19tA2bKlKDSgwWqoQ	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	3	We live in Las Vegas, and eat on the strip at least once a week.  We love all the Cosmo restaurants, and decided to try Scarpetta, as we had out of town guests, and we had been wanting to try.  We knew we would not be disappointed - boy were we wrong!   I really was on the edge on how to rate this restaurant, 2 or 3 stars, as the while the food was good, the service was awful.  The server was very friendly, however, and this is why I opted for 3. -  - First the positive.  The food was excellent.  All 6 of us in the party loved our food.  The desserts also were fabulous.   No complaint at all there. -  - The problem was the service.  The server was very friendly, but too many issues.  First, we got our cocktails, and after a few minutes, he took our order.  We did not order first courses, however our order was out virtually instantly.  We hadn't even half finished our drinks.  We had planned to order a couple of bottles of wine with dinner, however we never got the chance, and more importantly, our server never asked. -  - Worse yet, he came by a bit after we got our food,and while walking asked if everything was okay.  We said that it was, and before we could even asked for more drinks, he was gone.  2 of the 6 drinks at the table were totally empty, and he never asked, and still worse, he NEVER CAME BACK.  Our drinks sat empty for 75% of the dinner, and even when he ordered dessert, he did not ask if we wanted coffee or anything else to drink!!!!  It was almost unbelievable. -  - It's not like he was that busy, as I had a clear view of the waiter station, and he spent quite a bit of time just standing there, watching the dining room.  Obviously not our table, however. -  - Unless I start to hear some very positive reviews from friends, we will not be back.	2014-03-28	0	0	0
lPIy7_4q1a-D431BIdInCA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	5	Vegas is a mecca of food... and this buffet alone boost that they have other 500 items for you to gorge on! I don't know if there really is 500 items and I don't plan to count them anytime soon... but this buffet does have a HUGE selection! And seriously, like everything I tried was good! -  - I've been here several times and it's hard to say if this buffet is better than Wicked Spoon. I think they are pretty much head to head and I guess it would come down to personal preference as to which place has more foods you like to eat. I've been to both buffets several times and even I can't decide which I like better! As far as the Studio B buffet at the M hotel that is also raved about, I think that buffet is nowhere to compare to Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon. I've tried Studio B buffet - I didn't like it much...  -  - Anyways, this buffet feels very open, airy, and the lighting is good. When you enter, cold seafoods are to your right, followed by American food, hot meats, Mexican food... follow the corner and you will hit the Italian, salads, and Asian food sections. You can order and customize tacos, pasta, and Asian noodles. They even have honeycombs here! The desserts here are also very good and I always take a gelato cone to-go! -  - As far as prices, this buffet is the MOST expensive of them all!! Dinner is a staggering $51 and lunch is $32. If you have a total rewards card, it will take $1 off the price and give you some tier credits as well. I've never experienced a line here, but from what I read, the line can be horrendous... maybe I've just always gone at the perfect time! During breakfast/lunch, they have fresh squeezed juices which taste amazingly fresh! The only difference I've noticed between lunch and dinner were the cold seafood... since I'm not a fan of cold seafood, it's not worth paying an extra $20 to me. If I wanted to gorge on purely seafood, I would just go to the Village Seafood Buffet at Rio which is $45 because they have HOT seafood, including all the lobster tails you can stomach. Service here is good and they clean your tables fairly quickly.  -  - NOTE: This buffet is NOT included in the Buffet of Buffet passes. Breakfast is extra $15, Lunch is extra $20, and Dinner is extra $25. I've done the buffet of buffet pass before and I don't think it's worth it to use it here and pay the surcharge. Just use the buffet of buffet passes to it's full value at the other buffets and come here to eat another day.  -  - I think this buffet is definitely worth the try! I've gotten many people to fall in love with this buffet after trying it. I think by a small margin, I would say that this buffet wins when it comes to the Bacchanal vs Wicked Spoon buffet. It's like saying one got an A++ and the other an A+. Both are spectacular buffets. Wicked Spoon is however the original master of this new way of buffet - high end foods in small portions. If price is more important, than go with Wicked Spoon, dinner there is about $40.  I think that I would say that Bacchanal wins barely because they have a larger selection and a slightly more upscale feeling. They also have candy in candy jars! I can't wait to come back here and eat again!	2014-01-13	1	0	2
0a7M5t6Ltmha28vEr2DK9A	sCcXpSPRyq3360vHsAzf-A	oF24hmE7kD0komagZVLN7A	1	I was ripped of by this Hector/Jose sales associate when he sold me a canon dslr package that would have cost me between $1,100-$1,400 but charged me $2,697.00 instead on 4/26/2014...i had reported them to BBB, FTC, Las Vegas Consumer Affairs, State of Nevada Office of the Attorney General, local police and my credit card company...never ever step foot in this store for anything...	2014-04-27	0	0	0
MoZ-1lslLLCgR6NMZT9m2g	9fHZTgqVkMpNZrYSr4P3fA	gq00YPu0y7nJUBvucjkNmg	5	Kenta's skills are insane! With his customized pressure and perfected pace, combined with his expert knowledge of how the body works, he relieves my stress and tension completely in my neck and shoulders. I knew I carried my stress in that area, but I never realized how much until I got a massage and Kenta worked his healing magic--when he was done I had full range of motion in my neck that I didn't realize I was missing. I won't go to anyone else but Kenta!	2012-09-28	0	1	2
QHofJwVfVtfJdxU5sbOAsg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	3	interesting place. -  - not exclusive to fez, but like anywhere trendy and popular, a hip crowd means paying hip prices for drinks that are a pain to order, whether at the stuffed bar or through a server you hope will find you again in a timely manner. -  - flirtatious staff - some of them maybe too much (not in a homophobic way, but just that if i were a hetero server somewhere else, and hit on a female customer this much, i'm sure there would be complaints) -  - the food was really good, and i could see myself enjoying fez more simply as a regular restaurant than an evening niteclub type of setting.	2010-06-19	10	8	8
pNcV0B4kG93iJxZCGOQYoQ	AMEI0DxPHPcDJJfIuxPmog	uvGgTfRzRaEYbEFIoEiF9g	5	Recently brought my Omega Seamaster to get a new battery and a re-seal.  Excellent professional service.  Owner Dave helped me out going the extra mile answering questions about serial numbers etc. (original jeweler screwed up warranty card). -  - A great place to bring your nicer time pieces for repair. -  - Would definitely return.	2014-03-14	0	0	0
IzGDoGUllwfEVO0vEtvoXw	tI3J5jomrBs--n7r92186g	WMnXfDQkEOqJ5rMb_-GrgA	5	Do not let the location fool you! Ping Pang Pong is a hidden gem. The dim sum was some of the best I have had outside of HK. The service was friendly and everything was very fresh and expertly cooked. Be sure to try the lor bak go and the beef cheung fun. Outstanding!	2013-01-02	0	0	0
PxPs_sGQRNSapDtGh67HoQ	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	O9qLGyDP6EMMymEV8TAA4g	4	Their ramen really hit the spot after a weekend of TOO much fun. It's a really small store so you might have to wait. There's a bar that you can sit at which is also really crowded. My friend got the pork bowl and it tasted too fatty for me.  -  - One star off because I felt sick after from all the msg. But that's just me. If you don't mind msg, it'll be 5 stars for sure.	2014-06-06	0	0	0
wRCTLsthZa_Jxakt60_zFw	Ensu96ecI0OReupNS2x7ig	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	5	came here for a birthday dinner. loved every single bite, from my aged steak to the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes. definitely up there on my list of most delicious steakhouses.	2010-06-22	0	0	0
ogUMUWihXK36tjrrzDo83Q	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	3	I think the name MORE is so appropriate for a buffet.  $29.99 for all day access to the buffet.  Just flash your wristband and get seated.  The food ranges from Italian, Chinese, American, Mexican etc.   -  - Their salads were tasty.  The bean salad and the sweet potato salad were good.   -  - The dessert bar was decent.  I enjoyed their attempt at creme brulee. -  - For breakfast they had all the standards.  The monkey bread was awesome and I nom nom nommed the doughnut holes. -  - It was buffet food.  They are feeding the masses here.  Can't expect to much.  Three stars for a great all day deal.	2009-11-30	2	0	0
uVDBqmJrjhjxeiQoSpX57A	UvlNaaa-PmCib2lO71NW7w	nFJsNVs62_EoMhy_rLVf9A	5	I went in today for a cut and color. Ayn (short blonde hair with blue highlights) was my stylist. She was so cute and had a very calm nature to her. She did a consultation to find out about my hair and what I like/dislike. She was great about conversation, she was curious and asked a lot of questions but wasn't overwhelming. She really took charge and helped me pick a color that would look great. When the processing was over we started the cut but the roots just weren't exactly where she wanted them to be. She asked me if she could re-do them and got her boss (I believe Tamara) to come and take a look, this was so awesome that I didn't even have to say anything. After the roots processed again she finished up the cut (which at first I was nervous about the amount and then I felt so good getting rid of the weight) I felt like I barley had to tell her what I wanted and she again took charge. She seemed confident which I loved. My only complaint was the style, she blow dried it beautifully but I wear my hair straight and it was hard to see what it looks like on me. I wouldn't have felt awkward asking her to flat iron it, I just didn't feel it necessary since I was going straight home. I will be back and I'll be bringing my husband too. Thanks!	2013-12-09	0	0	1
m9aX77Ve5UVbgv4UhwyUZA	TrkF3j4-uBNxkmLVQsbMtg	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	5	Dr. Abbott is very kind and patient. His humor makes a routine visit entertaining. I've been going to him for years. He's got a great selection of glasses and most contacts are in stock.	2013-06-25	1	1	1
5l_EvFL7cu3H-z5d17juzw	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	5	Doing the double-double animal style.  Though I still have love for fries well done, I made the switch back to good old regular.	2011-02-16	2	4	2
v9d9yZtSCSZv0GSZ5ywJlQ	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	TkP8s0Z9N-r0IAk3_K_Phw	3	My buddies always rave about this place. This weekend I finally got the chance to see what all the hype was about. I was crunched for time, so I didn't dine in but opted to go to their "express" window, which was still a pretty long wait. I guess this place is popular, indoors and out. -  - During the long wait, I started getting hungry--and their snacks started to seem more and more appetizing. After careful scrutiny, I decided to order the Frozen Hot Chocolate (their signature beverage) and a Jalapeno Cheddar Bacon Pretzel. -  - One was awesome, the other was not. The Frozen Hot Chocolate was very sweet and definitely refreshing, a nice way to cool off from the scorching Vegas heat.  Don't expect it to quench your thirst though, because it's more of a cool dessert than it is a drink. -  - Jalapeno Cheddar Bacon Pretzel was entirely forgettable. This thing was humungous--over 1 foot in length, curved into an "S" shape. But it was not fresh, not hot, not tasty, and extremely salty. Overall just a bad pretzel. -  - But a bad pretzel is not enough to make me completely avoid this place forever--I'll give this joint another chance. Maybe next time I'll actually dine in: their list of desserts sure did look appetizing...	2010-09-15	0	1	1
GROIFYpwnyY8fd5UYwjYsw	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	5	Where can you find the best buffets of all time?? Only in VEGAS!!! I normally dislike buffets and Vegas is where I make the exception. It's the total opposite. I LOVE buffets in Vegas! Wicked Spoon is wicked good!! I think this may be my new favorite buffet!! I LOVE how everything is portioned out into small bowls/plates. Pretty much everything I tried was delicious! Lunch or more correctly brunch is $22 and includes a mimosa or champagne. Dinner is $35... not sure if dinner is worth it at $13 more, but I supposed one day I will try it and find out. I would post some pics, but seeing how there's already nearly 2000 pics, I don't think my pics would be any different. Our waiter was also really nice and the decor in the buffet is beautiful.	2012-09-04	0	0	0
QUZGg1S9ARt7fRbyBmtx3Q	5g9IvafVHBiM1SsLnONq0Q	Pu5ki660EGyk3Ugg-GxEsQ	5	Super-friendly staff. Actually that's the main reason I go here. They can be more expensive than the big-box stores, but it feels more local and personal and I can almost always find exactly what I need without having to walk for miles at Home Depot. Did I mention how helpful they are?	2012-03-31	0	0	0
14THci-Hm_oPHwLCJlFv-g	Cd9wyN-tWM32jdtPYoq0_g	PhsGjse7WnOxKr0GC1NyBw	5	I cannot say enough great things about Perfect Hair & Makeup.  They arrived at my hotel right on time and got set up in a matter of minutes.  They were very efficient, while still taking the time to find out what each person wanted for their look.  I showed them a couple pictures of what I wanted for my hair and makeup, and they were able to replicate the pictures very well.  They are skilled in taking into account a person's features and hair to come up with a look that's perfect for them.  Every person in my wedding party looked beautiful!  Also, the makeup they use looks natural and lasts forever, which is a tough combination to find.  I have very oily skin so I was concerned about the airbrush foundation wearing off throughout the day, but it lasted all day and night with just a couple blots during the day to remove excess oil.  I'm so happy I picked Perfect Hair & Makeup!!	2014-02-21	0	0	1
LuOQlPxZMHLZw2DHDQosuQ	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	This is such a nice little neighborhood place.  I don't know why I didn't know that.  Our manager came and sat with us (I LOVE when that happens) and we were excited to use the appreciation coupon for a wonderful dinner for two.  Our food was excellent right down to the tiramisu that we split for dessert.  And who knew they had a live jazz piano player in the back.  I also checked out the happy hour menu and am hoping to take advantage of that many times.  We will definitely be back.	2012-07-25	0	0	1
xjqR71O8M5fIN8P-veJuOg	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	Ad5_NbfYyYKP0WeWoJxZFA	5	We were in Vegas looking for a good Sushi restaurant that was not outrageously expensive. This restaurant fit the bill perfectly. The food was good as was the atmosphere. I would definitely come back here again to eat.	2013-03-07	0	0	0
ZsYzGP0-g2-7yj531V_p_Q	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	Why I feel the need to update my review on Bianco is beyond me, but after tonight I ended up more impressed and, even more satisfied with every visit. -  - This place is amazing, absolutely amazing... so humble yet so in tune with the kitchen and customers it would blow an entire 15 mile radius of chains out of business, if it hasn't already.  -  - I've looked over the reviews and the number one thing people seem to have an issue with is the wait time.  -  - All I can say is, don't go here hungry or in a HURRY, and for god's sake go near CLOSING time if you really want to indulge here, who the hell really wants to wait 2+ hours for dinner at PRIME hour, I sure as hell don't!!!  -  - Another issue I've noticed is that the staff is "snotty, hipster or too cool for themselves". -  - Not true at all, c'mon now people...You can't take your "I'M ENTITLED TO EVERYTHING AT THIS MINUTE" attitude to a restaurant with one man in the kitchen, go to Chili's if your in such a hurry and save us all real foodies the headache and best produce :)  -  - Kudos Bianco!	2009-08-02	4	3	2
1gp2QBAMxJ0edloK9bvhzA	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	_16aYVe0D-MogKeB4RR0sg	5	For meat lovers only!	2010-06-07	0	0	0
4r2vHj5wAF4MDCQsnPgIhA	VDO6x9jFJBBboTSAJUa7RQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Went to this store three days after we moved to Phoenix because I dropped my phone and cracked the screen in several places.  The staff was friendly and helpful and it took very little time to get a replacement and use my free upgrade to get another workable phone. -  - I have to say I was happy to find out that there was a location so close to our new apartment and that they had friendly people to work with that seemed very knowledgeable in the product lines.   -  - They even were nice enough to allow me to use my fiancee's upgrade since my upgrade wasn't available just yet (two months away from being usable) and then they allowed him to use my upgrade a few months later.   -  - Overall: A - Friendly staff that works quickly to ensure that you get what you are looking for in the shop.	2013-10-24	1	1	1
k1gZTkACvbMOWawmbOR9iQ	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Saturday night at Salutes is a real treat.  The live jazz duo sings quietly and adds to the ambience of this local gem.  The staff is always friendly and makes some reference to your last trip which makes you feel special.  And speaking of special...their chicken florentine special was mouth-watering.  I'm sure the bottle of Chianti helped...but just LOVED the experience.	2012-12-30	0	1	1
Qq18j8TpQFIcw_J5B5UYgQ	8KSK12p77qHb4gvN6DAncg	_bRsm8AkkzWV2uDYAYoYNg	5	Five solid stars for this place!  -  - Two ladies & one of my girlfriends recommended this place and it did not disappoint. Everything from the cool nail bar-like setting ( someone give these people a liquor license!) to their music playlist was awesome. No cranky manicurist, no one walking by you unnoticed, and get this... Being a bilingual person myself, I've never cared about nail salon staff speaking in their native tongues mostly BUT after being at Polish Room for about 10min I started to realize the staff were speaking English to EACH OTHER! I gotta say, it felt kinda nice to be able to understand and get in on the fun convos that I'm sure happen when I'm clueless to what their saying. And that ties in on what I noticed most at Polish Room, they all seem very aware of their clientele's needs and preferences. There are some Rockstar manicurist here but I just went with whoever was open and both ladies did a great job which tells me you're probably fine going to whoever.  -  - I couldn't have had a better experience.. Excellent & I will be back!!  -  - (((Cash tips only!)))	2014-06-10	1	1	2
p2o9K_x8gzqPMUUTGXVCkQ	3Dj0FsIr2Kw0e1nsaDSGig	HV47ZmfT8o3rVoKcufwRnQ	5	I had Thomas cut my hair, it was the best haircut I've have received since moving to AZ. He spent so much time on adding in all the details I wanted. Will definitely go back to him, best stylist yet.	2013-07-07	1	0	1
1UUwqR1-TVb0b8A83FDbIQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	RPekyPjyLPiTtMvqytFBNw	5	It's all about the bread!  This is a great place to head to if you're not into scarffing down a massive buffet down the corner.  Not only are the sandwiches good, but it's cheap too.  I always get the italian..loads of italian meats, cheese, and soaked in dressing...not really figure friendly...but who cares!..the sandwich is bomb!	2010-10-13	1	1	1
dP27mafW28HNgwER0_pgfg	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	5	omg i wish there was an Earl's across from my house. - the pastrami sandwich... A+++++++++++++ - that's all i have to say. - delicious sandwiches at its finest.	2011-06-02	0	0	0
dOx1z_mcSyGUrXRq6DeGRw	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	3	Shredded chicken enchiladas were ok.  Chips and salsa (complimentary) were the best part of the meal.	2010-08-30	0	0	0
Qdljq06JRWaqco00kxulQw	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	DOtQTggDX3ntGiHO-QIsnA	4	Food is alright. I go there for their Cable Cars!	2012-11-20	0	1	0
-x7K2o630zq5aw-1WuFjZQ	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	This is the first time that my family (mom and dad included) came here to eat....and on a Sunday no less (the busiest day to eat out for breakfast). -  - We rolled up around 11:30-11:45 and there was a wait (again...it is to be expected on a Sunday)...it was all good because it was a lovely day out and we sat in some chairs outside and chit chatted. Before we knew it the hostess called us up. -  - Carlene was our server and she was not only gorgeous but as pleasant as could be. She got our drinks quick (definitely recommend the fresh squeezed OJ because its just that...fresh squeezed) and was quick to accommodate my son who changed his mind at the last minute. She said she understood and she had 3 kids of her own . The monkeys got their usual french toast, I got the yogurt parfait, dad got the cheeseburger and mom got the eggs and hash brown plate (she subbed tomatoes instead of potatoes). Everyone was happy as little neck clams. The only thing was we waited a bit (and I mean just a little bit) longer for our food but it was really no big deal because they were so busy and it was a Sunday after all. -  - Steve, the manager, came by to say hello and meet my family. He really is a class act and knows how to treat guests. We even got to give a shout out to his wife over the phone. Such a lovely breakfast...keep up the great work. Thanks Carlene and Steve for being so cool :)	2011-03-27	1	0	2
eh9reyTXRo_5yS7SEFXWrQ	iMbDhkmIqBLedsbu1sIixA	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	2	I went back to MIN for a touch up appointment and the friendliness that I experienced the first time was definitely missing. It was slow, I was the only one in the waiting room and I wasn't even acknowledged. Perhaps the office was having a bad day. :-/	2013-01-15	0	0	1
WTjRpvXyM9v2JKC6nRRbEg	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	iSGMocGcppfcWv1edA2oJA	4	Man... we were just looking for a cool place to relax off the strip. Get a decent burger and call it a night.  -  - Did we hit the jackpot!  -  - Oxtail chili??? Specialty Burgers?? Oxtail Chili cheese fries!!??  -  - We had no idea at the time we were stumbling upon such an awesome place to eat dinner. Everything was right. The pricing, the food and the atmosphere. Highly recommended!! -  - Also- I think I saw this on Man vs. Food recently or Diners, Drive-ins and Dives... can't remember... these folks are doing real food and real good!	2012-11-26	0	0	0
ULSTEGAK19J8UW8VNAsJ2A	m-32wtMGKTJe_8Z9gn_kAQ	V-ixKMzLSMxDzdEJ9TF2Ew	5	As a Massage therapist I really need to get worked on to make up for all the massages I give.  Kristi is my go-to massage therapist.   With over 20 years of experience in the healing arts she's got amazing strength and sensitivity.   AND--she's a great listener--it's kind of like getting a counselor and therapist all in one shot.  It's the best hour of my week!  "	2011-03-28	0	0	0
S2o_USYSRcXZ6bkAeQRuCw	JlwJPlkE5E_97sPhqWnmCg	nFJsNVs62_EoMhy_rLVf9A	5	My stylist Traci did a great job! I did a cut style and deep conditioning. She knew a lot about hair and the cut was great. She did exactly what I wanted! The smallest trim possible, I'm trying to grow my hair out and she made it look super healthy, she fixed my bangs, and did some damage control from a few of my previous cuts! Thanks I'll be back :)	2013-10-29	0	0	1
8fKa2dAldh-SWG9MnTfoTA	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	4	This place is freakin huge. They have alot of great stores, but for some odd reason, I didn't really have an urge to peruse into them. Maybe it's because alot of the stores are similar to the stores at the forum shops, the grande canal, the desert passage and every other resort/casino that has their own shopping area. I never thought I'd get tired of shopping, but boy, did my eyes hurt. Next time I come to Vegas, I should go straight to fashion show fully energized.	2006-11-17	3	0	1
he5zw5ocimNsks-dbK3TaQ	D_BMUHbZk67hzRcK3xQQmg	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	3	Lunch buffet was mediocre.  Flavors were good but meat quality was below average.  Service was average.  Nothing special here.	2010-09-15	0	0	0
qz8u3uH6e4_BDr2U3JhcnA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	iRUi91-w7Rnyi0fVg4D5Tw	5	I love Wicked Spoon's angry macaroni and cheese! -  - I like the atmosphere and set up of this buffet. My husband and I did not have to wait too long to get a seat, and the service was always adequate. They have few menu items that we both really enjoy, and then a couple that could use some work (pizza.) When you get their brunch buffet, the food ranges from french toast (YUM) to fish to beef to pasta to Asian fare to fruit to desserts. It's a wide variety, and both times I've been there I've been thrilled with my selections. -  - Things to try: Angry mac and cheese, macaroons with salty caramel inside, the lava fudge cake, french toast, sweet potatoes with homemade marshmallow, Korean spare ribs, and mashed potatoes.  -  - Can't wait to go back in a year!	2013-04-05	0	0	0
r-bhEOc2qilOodraLiAnDA	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	cprrdOVWlDZU9iMCTMtKbQ	1	I was very excited to check this place out with a friend of mine. It's always nice to have a new spot open up in the area. You always hope that someone has finally done it right. The unfortunate truth is that this place needs to be on the show called "Restaurant Impossible". I'm not kidding when I say this, go and see for yourself. -  - I have no animosity for this place, it was just very disappointing to see a group of guys / young boys (owners/Investors) standing around in their poor choice of wanna be club shirts that they probably got on sale at Marshall's, along with their poor hair grooming and unprofessional demeanor. It was as if they felt that their machine was up and running and that no improvements or the customer experience was even a possibility of a real issue. The bartender had a frown on his face the entire time, and our waitresses were as friendly as can be but really need to be informed and educated on their brews. I do not put this responsibility on the girls as much as I do the poor management. -  - Now, with my ranting aside, my reasons for disappointment were as follows: -  - We ordered the Brewer's Choice Plate which consisted of Mortadella, Prosciutto, and Tuscan Salami, along with a choice of cheeses and a bunch of fillers that they included. -  - The plate came out and was presented well, but right away the cuts of meat were a disappointment. The thickness of the cuts was ridiculous and embarrassing. The Mortadella was almost room temperature, which can actually be a health hazard. Prosciutto was some sort of cheap salt cured, and hopefully pre-sliced. If they sliced it in house their chef should be fired for slicing such a thick cut of prosciutto. Even a non-chef knows that much. The salami was certainly nothing special, and again the Mortadella was the biggest disappointment. With this as my first impression of the food, I was very turned off and don't see them lasting very long if they don't fix such simple but important things. I suggest that they visit 'The Parlor' and take a look at the quality of the Artisan meats that they serve on their carving board, along with the thickness and temp of the meats. There is no comparison, and this is a no brainer for even a Foodie, much less a chef or a business that was swarming with inexperienced management at the time. -  - So the next item was the Meat and Potato Flatbread with Pork Belly and three cheeses. I will say that it was mediocre, but missing some element of flavor to make it complete. The chips and guacamole were simple, but no complaints there. I enjoyed the Yucca Chips. -  - I am not trying to be an extreme hater, but this place has a ton of hype out there and they aren't delivering quality products or service. They need to turn it up and light a fire under the asses of these young guys that are looking at a high profit margin by sacrificing quality food. They will need to offer much higher quality products if they want to stay afloat.  -  - i wish them the best and would love to try them again if I hear that they got everything straightened out. This would be an ideal location and they have a great concept. -  - Cheers and good luck guys! Constructive criticisms are all I am offering and wish you the best. :)	2011-12-27	1	1	3
l3bNATUfdBHDLgXlS49iaA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	5	When the weather permits, meaning no rain, gusty winds, or over bearing dry desert heat, the patio is the spot to be. We had reservations for noon but because we wanted to sit on the patio, it took an extra 15 minutes or so for a table. I highly suggest waiting for it though. It's a perfect place to rock them loccs or douche bag sunglasses while people watching and enjoying the water show across the way at Bellagio. -  - I had the French Toast ($11) which was topped with whipped cream and blueberries. Man was this entree' dank! The French Toast was made to perfection and the blueberries definitely complimented it. I may have to go out on a limb here and say it's one of the best French Toasts I have ever grubbed on. -  - I also sampled the Jumbo Crab Cakes ($15) which I thought was very rich but still very well made. It's not an over whelming dish. Perhaps sharing it as an appetizer would be a good idea. -  - I didn't sample my other table mate's dishes but I can say that everyone in my party had positive reviews. All of us agreed that everything we ordered was awesome. No complaints on that day. -  - With all the many years I have been coming to Sin City, I can't believe I have barely experienced Mon Ami Gabi for the first time. I feel somewhat shameful. I've seriously been missing out on some great and affordable French food. I can't comment on their dinner yet but perhaps next time under them city lights.  -  - Au Revoir!	2010-05-25	3	1	3
v9EA10fcylBLx2ZVWgqxBQ	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	What could I possibly not be pleased with Fez's service, food, environment and drinks? Not a D@ng Thing. -  - Opening the 9' frosted glass door always brings a smile to my face. I have to admit I do know the majority of patrons and staff inside but that is only because everyone is so happy to welcome new and frequent visitors. And on the weekends during Brunch you may get to visit with their very own music sensation Monika. Love You Girl! -  - The Kisras are so easy to order when with friends after Happy hour. The Hummus comes "however you want it" -  - For you Folk who enjoy the Sippy Cup... FEZ has amazing specials for every night. Two to mention of course are the Tequila Night & Mimosa Brunch!  -  - Come Enjoy YOURSELF!	2011-09-26	1	1	3
hsNWJuT3c2pXt1ZEJs56KQ	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	XB8X3JKEa458NM4vQ9RwMg	4	Excellent ambience. Excellent service. Food was yummy. As a Floridian turned Arizonian the shrimp was pretty tasty even though it was from Thailand. Pretty awesome place. Just don't get frustrated with the parking... It's worth the wait. Awesome once the sun sets.	2014-01-18	0	0	0
OFsN8yRyd4Sk_nDqCHTWSA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	3jcTvQKoqigf8HjVS5625w	5	Love this place!!!!  Always end my nights in Vegas with a Sandwich from Earl of Sandwich!!!!	2014-05-21	0	0	0
n_8NKoHuYHhumddGOOJxyA	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	JoLjX2VonMeWYNDMfzaaOA	1	I didn't like at all, I was in front of the girl waiting for a table and she didn't want to talk to me and 5 min latter, because I did'nt move she "notice me" and then she told me: you need to wait 25min, OMG she was rude and I need wait 25min!!	2013-09-14	0	0	0
sPFtQbjA_cAByjFFGLWoUw	J4qLz0nGzCTMf6-kf_SiQg	J5FxDAQ-Nec9QVm8IF1D7A	3	So I stayed in the Mirage and every time I passed this place I wanted to stop. The sandwiches are humongous! Almost ridciulous...i felt bad, even splitting with a friend. I still wasted some of the meat. I mean who can actually take a bite out of that! Anyways the food was good but pricey. One of my friends ordered the chicken noodle soup and it was terrible. So I would stick with a sandwich if I were you. Plus they have a lot of good desserts!!	2009-03-30	0	0	0
zY-nJEapb7sBqMUlKwhCfQ	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	jVHoxkXF64_Q7i1QDTwfUA	5	My husband & I found it on YELP and we were not disappointed.  Loved it!  We had to wait a few minutes but it was worth the wait!  I ordered an omelette with bacon, cheese and avocado & my husband had something else (ha...I was so into my breakfast I didn't notice) and he loved it.  The  seasoning on the potatoes was wonderful and I tried the "Pepperdoux" sauce.  Loved it so much I asked if I could buy some and they said YES!  Thanks for giving us a reason to leave the strip!	2009-02-17	0	0	0
pyocz2MqUuB37pdv2E3y6Q	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	UzY2tNrpieVzNYbQKB3Qqg	5	as far as vegas buffets go - this is the benchmark.  -  - *super clean - *super accomodating  - *plenty of vegan options (including sorbet, asian options, oatmeal, fruit, salad, soy milk) - *fast service  - *FUN TIME  -  - i had *the best* time at this all you can drink buffet and i think the value for the dollar is fair.  while this is *expensive* you do get a quality experience.	2013-08-01	1	1	1
v0AWlnSWk9PTQnrFxSxjxw	8zL3V6rmFKBess3bxPLAoQ	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	3	I've been to this buffet a few times for breakfast now. It offers pretty much any type cuisine you could possibly be "craving"... even in the early morning hours. The food is always fresh and served at the proper temperature.   -  - My husband always makes sure to have an omelet made to order. He really enjoys them, though I never want to waste those few minutes waiting for an egg to be prepared when I could spend that time loading my plate with all those other goodies. The one item I never miss is the warm chocolate bread pudding topped with hot fudge sauce. You can almost taste it now, can't you? ;)	2013-12-14	2	0	1
a4hs1nwybr17uOhaO-x7-g	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	5	If you visit only one signature dinner place in Vegas make it the Mesa Grill. Bobby Flay does it right. The food, service and ambiance are all top notch. The menu is eclectic and the various choices offer something for everyone - even vegetarians can figure out a nice meal here. One of my favorites in the Vegas area.	2011-09-10	0	0	0
Fv6jUyjPFeCQt8FI6G4Jxg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	QxttPPZH6JLB9BmAWl0piQ	4	"Hello, stomach? Did you mention that you were hungry? Oh, you did...? Alright, you asked for it.  Get ready to stretch those muscles because we're gonna test your endurance today..." -  - Like many of my fellow Yelpers, I ventured towards Hash House a Go Go after seeing a Man v. Food episode.  This place does not disappoint!  3 people + 2 meals = full stomachs AND leftovers!!   -  - We came in at 8:30 on a Friday morning .  We were promptly seated and attended to.  The menu is extensive, but we finally settled on two dishes and ordered.  We mentioned to the waitress that we had a tight schedule (a 10:00 spa appointment... I know, you're jealous...), and she noted that the service was quick!   -  - Food came to the table and all of our eyes went big.  Yowzah.   -  - Corned Beef House Hash - Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese tossed with crispy potatoes & topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit :: The corned beef itself was just okay; I appreciated that they used strips of real corned beef, but the flavor and texture didn't really wow me.  On its own, nothing special, but combined with the other items on the dish and it was a winner.  The potatoes were perfectly cooked, and the biscuit was flaky and moist.  There was fresh jam on the table (score!); the flavor of the day was peach-mango.  Peach-mango jam on a biscuit... mmm... YUM.   -  - The Tractor Driver Combo -  Two Eggs w/ bacon, sausage or potatoes with griddled french toast, which is dipped in banana cinnamon cream and served w/ pecan maple syrup :: Texas-style toast, moist and packed with flavor.  The syrup just brings the whole dish over the top!   -  - The portions were HUGE.  We all ended up sharing our leftovers for breakfast the next morning and it was still more than enough. I'm interested in seeing the atmosphere in the evening and trying other dishes.  I already know that I want to try: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit, Flapjacks (flavors include Blueberry Pecan, Blackberry Granola, Snickers, Mango Coconut, Strawberry Frosted Flake, to name a few!), and the Chicken and Waffles.  The service was okay; refills of coffee and water at the ready.   -  - I'm sure it'll take me quite a few visits - and regular trips to my cardiologist! - to get the full Hash House experience. But, hey, go big or go home, right?!	2009-09-16	1	1	0
EMQCbSj-JUu4j8ccTi9bVw	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	qmvLXtui-i6KNcjMy7FVQw	1	As a local, I am fully aware of what the Vegas night life has to offer. LAVO, unfortunately, does not bring much to the table. I have witnessed the worst service imaginable, here, and I hope that this never happens to anyone else.  -  - I was in a party of 9 females and 2 males at a table. We were upgraded to the VIP tables and instantly, it's as if we were being watched like dogs-- not to mention being treated as such, as well. The rather large security guard attempted to escort one of the females of my party from the club for being "too out of hand". (I know this woman and how she acts when she is drunk and I can assure you she was not.) When clubs kick girls out for being too drunk, they are supposed to document it. Her ID was not checked, her name was not written down. Not only did they fail to properly execute this, they left her outside of the casino on the street by herself at 2 in the morning. She did not have her phone, wallet, or a ride home. I'm fairly certain under no circumstances are you supposed to leave a young, single female alone on the strip at that hour, or any other time of the day for that matter. Especially if your job is to protect and ensure safety...? No one else from our party was notified or had any idea where she was. No one, not even other security guards, had any answers. It took us 2 hours to finally find her, wandering in front of the casino entrance.  -  - I can only imagine what could have happened if she were drunk to begin with. She could have easily been assaulted, taken advantage of, or worse. The actions of this establishment are extremely unacceptable. That is not the way you treat your guests. Mind you, we were even paying (and tipping) for our table services and alcohol. Which makes me question how they treat people who don't. -  - I am disgusted by this place and I will never be returning here again. I can only suggest that you do the same. You have been forewarned.	2010-09-23	0	1	2
HrEUkWkkvCfNzPlZwkgIMg	beOfWs3b1SrPORBit9Lu_g	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	4	I love Salon Embellish and have finally found a permanent hair stylist in Loris who works there. She is wonderful! The rest of the staff is always very friendly, greets you upon arrival and offers you something to drink, and the salon decor is minimalist but nice.  -  - The complex it's in is really cute and centrally located, with a coffee shop and used book store. I highly recommend trying out the stylists at Salon Embellish - I was referred by a friend and have been going back ever since! Their pricing is very reasonable. So happy to have found Salon Embellish & Loris!	2010-08-20	0	0	1
KnpaKChbK1Jq2FqkpFxrUg	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	3	The view was extraordinary, the sommelier was exceptionally enthusiastic, the service was impeccable, the decor was artsy (yet a tad bit boring despite its value) and the food/wine was good but wasn't overwhelming. Our favorites were the lobster entree and the veal chop. The appetizers were just a wee bit above average. We had the wine pairings which for us was different as we dont usually drink wine but the meal wasn't anything that blew his socks or my 4 inch heels off. Sorry to say....but, it certainly was not worth $500 including tip.	2013-09-06	1	0	0
_wDq-JX2H3Z2a8wXGa7gXg	3uGQDrswQnDTns4ov0Ae3A	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	5	Rooster's is awesome. Great haircut with shampoo, friendly staff, free beer, and they top it all off with a nice shoulder rub after it's over. Best haircut experience for a man anywhere!	2010-01-01	0	0	0
-QpyK0epTjOP7LbH7eg3wQ	jh7S78tc9oXCDjAjP_OrLw	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	2	Sorry to say this is not a restaurant I would return to. We eat Indian on  are regular basis, and I would say the food is average, maybe a bit above, however the main issue was the service. -  - Our waiter was extremely friendly, however we were there on a Friday night, and there was not a crowd, it was a best 20% full.  First, they had a full bar, but they were NOT serving drinks.  Apparently they sent the bartender out on a delivery, and no one else could mix drinks.  Why they did this on a Friday night is totally beyond me. -  - We also had issues with the waiter, while friendly, both waiters I noticed spent the majority of the night on the phone.  Not taking orders, just talking.  We struggled to get their attention when we needed to, and several things were missed on our order. -  - Food was extremely reasonable, however the service issues were simply too much for us to overcome, and thus we will not go back.	2014-04-26	0	0	2
FvP9y80BbITiZtxuZI5UOw	jDdRxo7Krsl1qfxhkocL4w	7Kzy-6_sViMCdzgSW5va8g	5	What a great company and great customer service. Placed an order a couple days ago online, and it got to me in 3 days. There was a mix-up with the size of the juice I ordered so I emailed them and within 1 hr I had an email back from the postal service saying the replacement was on its way. Super impressed. Highly recommend this establishment. :)	2014-06-14	0	0	1
oMD9magr6KV_9J03C2kh0w	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	N9cWDLA5RgbGo00N1z9Cng	4	We loved the Hash House! My husband got the chicken and waffles and I got one of those big ol' pancakes. The chicken was fantastic with a pervasive, but not overpowering, taste of sage. I got one of the brown sugar banana pancakes and it was at least 6x bigger than the ones I make at home. It was SOOO GOOD. I wasn't able to finish it at the restaurant, so we took it back to our room and saved it for a snack later in the day. It was just as good then ;) Definitely recommend.	2014-01-08	0	0	0
ksu0PB-sYVmZ-DqYGwGSRA	WUTSRw9kiDHmQeoylYfrnA	wKe3QUUWvZtAFDcBvTvrnA	4	Love costco for produce, some food items and shampoo, etc.  Can get other items on sale at Target or with coupons cheaper.  Costco serves it purpose and I love it for that.	2013-08-04	1	0	0
BPyQhjSznoktnDlhI4ChKQ	-2n-OHbbwIv3SY8RP9bgTQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	5	This was probably the best meal of my trip.  We got there a little late in the evening so there was no wait, which is always nice.  Their portions are HUGE and you get a really good deal for what you pay for. -  - We got the sampler platter which is enough food by itself for three people.  We had a salad and soup and some other dish and everything was great.  The staff waited on us hand and foot and we had the most adorable waiter too! -  - What a nice surprise to find in the Fashion Mall.  I will be back here the next time that I'm in Vegas.  Why spend tons of money in the hotels when this place is far better!!!	2009-08-24	0	0	0
0VBkFn-OqV2xOfqAv-aGTw	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	5	Who doesn't love Ellis Island? It is a hidden gem for locals, I would say tourists but we like to keep them out of the place. =)  -  - The karaoke lounge is the best people watching spot around. Get yourself enough hard lemonades (at $1.75, who can beat it?!) and you might even butcher a classic Bon Jovi hit. Don't worry most people aren't laughing at you, they are laughing with you and probably singing along!  -  - I just recently tried their cafe and their 24/7 steak special is my new favorite thing. For $7.99 you get a decent steak, potato, veggies, bread, AND an EI beer or hard lemonade. Definitely worth trying out if you're on a budget like I am.  -  - The center bar is always a great place to be entertained but beware of the sleezy dudes who might try to pick up on you. I can't comment on how good the gaming is because I always lose. =(	2011-11-11	2	2	2
ap8BXaqIsOUIEoqjAIYEXw	aB2w4XFUi2Djp4t-XDLBOQ	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Got pink and white acrylic nails for valentines night. Van is the co owner with his wife. He is good at taking directions and is an excellent communicator. He is also willing to work with first time customers on the price of their nails I have found. He is technically sound, does wonderful quality nails....but he lacks in the creativity department. I'd say, get your basic nails done here for a reasonable price and have the art work done else where. Great Pedicures!	2012-03-24	0	0	0
Gvq-UPld5bpVSkQMoU5i3A	XU0Q4q3aJTrhgOXe5HMYdg	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	5	I have to say, I love this place! I found them on Yelp of all places because I was looking for a dentist close to my apartment. I been there twice now, and the care is consistently above and beyond my expectations.  -  - Everyone from the front desk receptionist to Dr. Angel herself is phenomenal. The staff is friendly, and they offer loads of information regarding dental health. The clinic looks relatively new, in each room has its own unique design. The first room I was in when I went in November was a baseball themed room, and today there was a map in the room.  -  - They also have a kids' room a cartoon drawings on the wall. They have full panoramic x-rays available. They were even able to refer me to an oral surgeon when I need my wisdom teeth pulled. If you need a dentist be sure to go see them. you won't be disappointed!	2014-05-21	2	2	2
-c27Nmf95rQxLKMWh73P5A	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	_IjKfYOYG9CSiPY9UbudcA	5	I won't bore you of details that have been explained time and time again with Soho. Chef John Lee and staff are simply amazing and artist when it comes to food. Put this place on your bucket list if you haven't already done so, you surely won't be disappointed. A near perfect rating on yelp explains a lot about Soho, and I'm glad I found this little gem hidden around the corner of my house.  -  - I came in here for my girlfriends birthday, they were very accommodating and friendly even storing and plating some cupcakes I brought in from The Cupcakery. The service here is amazing and something you would expect dining on the strip paying top dollar. Chef John brought many practices from Social House but with a more relaxed vibe. He came out and introduced his self and got a feel for everyone and put together a epic tasting menu for the whole group.(If you have the chance choose this way to dine) I couldn't have set up a better menu in my wildest dreams. From the tender short ribs to the delicate hamachi and uni, everything amazing and leaving you wanting more and more. I have to say I never had the quality of uni Chef Lee serves and he prides himself in the quality of his foods.  -  - I am so satisfied with the quality of food and service with Soho that I will be back time and time again. You can't beat this place, he deserves all the recognition they can get for this gem! Thank you for the great experience!	2014-01-21	0	0	0
6Ty-dn7AY5hK8E-2DjVTqQ	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	Rw6oRXlV9GX4n_YURc8f4Q	3	Very nice atmosphere almost upscale.  Nice ambience.  The service is very good and fast.  Here at 700 and only 3 tables.  Unfortunately the food IMHO doesn't measure to the restaurant is just average.  The pad Thai was just average the pa nang just ok the beef salad was good.  I give 3 stars cause the staff and ambiance are great but food is just average Vegas has some tough Thai competition	2014-07-08	0	0	0
31pR80LmoipGGE67LDghhw	DpboR9RGiOsjRdgP2_m0pw	p4VkQXcLH2FldlgdxqFp9Q	5	I love this place so much that I drive 20 minutes to get them done here. Try and get Sita she's the best. They're all "good" but Sita somehow can give me an arch in my otherwise straight useless eyebrow. I get compliments on my eyebrows all the time. My only wish is that they had some music. The place is too quiet. Love these girls!!! Oh did I mention it's cheap 10 bucks with tip!	2014-07-15	0	0	0
ElpnoEPXn2MZmUP7xx6Cpw	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Have you tried their summer menu?  $47 for a bottle of wine, appetizer, salad, entreeand some mouth-watering tiramisu for two.  Great quiet little booth, accommating staff.  And for those of you who read something in the MV minutes...they are NOT being sold.  Thank goodness.	2013-08-13	0	0	0
tpgG1MAKaP2gIBKuJixS7w	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	zpXplaTZOxXuzJytEC4KLQ	3	okay im sitting here at work bored out of my mind so im just gonna write reviews for my favorite place... -  - mgm grand buffet is by far the best buffet i have ever been to in vegas.  a lot of buffets places are kinda dingy and stinky and the food is cheap but here they give you your money's worth. -  - The sunday brunch is the best because you have awesome breakfast foods and tasty other foods. you will have to stand in line for about an hour before you are seated though. -  - if you are big on seafood they have an endless  selection prepared different ways daily. -  -  the desserts are okay but dont get a drink from there unless its a glass of wine. -  - update: i went there the other day and the luch wasnt as good as it used to be. they have taken away from it the best thing was the salmon i cant tell you how many pieces i had but thats all i ate. so perhaps it was worth the 16 bucks by itself but im taking away 2 stars for the lack of variety and good food the place used to have	2007-06-29	1	0	1
mIMSYQdtxl_qq-rR_DQVPw	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	5Iv2RHUc9tJfMDUpH6pFGg	4	Beautiful place. Service is friendly. Drinks are AWESOME!!! The food is delicious if you don't mind spending a lot of money for a small portion....but that's fine dining for you. The cheese enchiladas and fish tacos blew my MIND!!	2014-01-14	0	0	0
9FU1eq5GFtqRsGf0NoiqjA	WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	I preface this by saying IKEA is an experience not a store, and if you go there expecting to spend less than 1 or 2 hours of your day you will be sadly mistaken.  The first time I went into an IKEA (not this one) all those years ago I had no idea what I was getting into, and after 3 hours of wandering around blindly was scared, lost, and searching frantically for the exit.  It was terrifying.  Since then, I have been back countless times and have a sincere love/hate relationship with it, of which I will share with you here.  So without further ado, grab some popcorn and get comfortable--It's a long read, but hopefully an enjoy able one! -  - This IKEA has an extra large parking lot like all of them, so even though you may have a bit of a walk from the door, you can always find a spot.  Honestly, as crazy as Phx drivers are it's probably safer to park farther out and take the sidewalk up the middle.  You're only playing Frogger twice that way, instead of dodging every car whipping into and out of the parking spots as you walk by them.  Pro Tip: Text yourself where you parked.  Trust me on this one. -  - This IKEA is set up like pretty much every other one we've been to.  You walk in and immediately take an escalator to the second floor, the "show room" area and cafe, assuming you have no little monsters to drop off at the play zone first.   Yes, they have their own kiddie daycare area.   -  - The show room is full of ideas and constantly undergoing changes for new ones.  This is where you walk around and almost wish you had a small 400 square foot flat because of all the amazing ideas they give you for rooms with no room, all while thinking about their crackballs--i mean, meatballs.  Then you remember this isn't Sweden, (or Paris, or London, or NYC, or California, or anywhere else you might actually have only a 250-400 sq ft flat), and move along.  At this point I must note the sheer irony of such a large store, catering to such small homes and apartments.  They also have options for larger rooms, including my dream home library set up and always on display, for which I am currently not in a living arrangement conducive to such things.  Rude.  You also spend this entire level dodging scores of customers wandering around aimlessly, stopping in the middle of the aisles, and generally being irritating. -  - After wandering around the show room for an indeterminate amount of time, if you're lucky, you find your way to the stairs down to the first floor.  This IKEA purgatory.  This is where you become Hamlet and ask yourself, "To meatball, or not to meatball, that is the question."   Yes, those famous IKEA meatballs are within visual (and smelling) range, and it doesn't matter if you're hungry or not.  If you've never had them you wouldn't understand.  I'm not honestly sure if that would make you lucky or unlucky either.  I've been to IKEA on more than one occasion solely for the meatballs.  I am not ashamed.  Don't get me started on the chocolate cake.  It's a slice of heaven, and though it's large enough to share you won't want to. -  - Should you take the stairs down to the first floor, you reach what we refer to as the "Oh no, it's a maze of boxes and accessories, and the crazy people from upstairs and the parking lot are driving around shopping carts from hell" section.  I'm not joking.  Normal shopping carts have two pivoting wheels up front, and two locked position (typically forward) wheels in the back.  This allows for superb handling and control, and makes sense.  Not IKEA's shopping carts from hell.  Imagine loading potentially 100+ pounds of things you love but had no idea you needed onto a cart with 4 spinning wheels.  FOUR. SPINNING. WHEELS.  Now imagine trying to navigate it around a corner with a boatload of forward momentum (which is equal to mass times velocity), and with oddly shaped items and boxes that extend outside the boundaries of the carts in all directions.  I assure you a cart full of heavy things has plenty of momentum, which you can think of as destructive, wrecking-ball like force.  It doesn't take a Physicist to realize it's probably not gonna go in the direction you want.  Watching a T-Rex making a 90 degree turn at a full run and wiping out completely isn't an entirely inaccurate description. -  - If you survive the parking lot Frogger, the show floor maze, the trance-inducing meatballs, and the shopping cart driving T-rexes, you then proceed to the final level of hell--the check out lines.  There are always ample cashiers and lanes, including self-checkout lanes, yet they manage to have lines out the wazoo.  Count on standing in line for at least 10-15 minutes, even if you only have 1 or 2 items.  That may be a conservative estimate. -  - At the end, you emerge frazzled, tired, scared, and get to relive the parking lot Frogger experience on the way back to your car.  You get home, love all your stuff, and can't wait to go back for more stuff and ideas.  But mostly, probably for the meatballs.	2014-06-29	1	2	3
sfZrZFEotGfw4UGwdwwPGA	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	bOlWtp4Fe5cWnPcECTWAAA	4	I'm not a big shopper, but when I'm looking for something specific to wear for an event, I usually check out Fashion Show. There are a lot of tourists which can put off locals, but I like to go midweek really early or really late. Good selection of stores at all price points so it's worth a stop for locals and visitors.	2014-06-13	0	0	0
lf-xtLcXtMVbrUKA_op9Nw	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	HqYtgTmf7OPTv2yZKjrLYw	4	Hot chocolate was awesome! The food was good we shared 2 dinners and would eat here again. The waitresses could be nicer. Wait time for servers is rather lengthy.	2011-12-15	0	0	0
JNEUCoGuysa-0fqisOC6uA	A3UmvZpEIgegEmdFjCRo_w	tLUxonIuH93f-LSjvxsAFA	5	The moment Pha started on my pedicure, I knew it'd be great. She was very friendly and patient. She was meticulous and took her time which makes me feel important, as a client. Yen painted my nails and she did an amazing job. I'm a perfectionist when it comes to the color covering every edge of my nails and she did just that without me mentioning a thing. This is hands down the best mani/pedi I've ever gotten. Pleasantly surprised and super happy.	2014-04-13	0	0	0
yUXdqHPL0VASCtFI4VFYZQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	mha1Xd0asQfPeETU9Hx3vw	4	Good food + Good beer = Awesome. -  - A little too "sports bar" for me, but still a very good brewery!	2007-11-19	1	1	1
jvUoESufoJv_FnxCgvxEdQ	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	2	Me and my boyfriend went here after the Indian Nationals Rodeo event that the South Point was hosting.  Well, the service was TERRIBLE.  One guy took our drink order and another took our food order.  The salad part came before the drinks!   -  - We got Mozarella Sticks and they were served lukewarm...and we got a chicken dish that we split that was also lukewarm.  I personally like my food to be hot...so I know that it was just freshly cooked and not hanging around the back!  But that's just me.   -  - The only redeeming thing about this place was their prices.  They weren't very expensive so that was good.  I guess if you are at the South Point late at night with no other options than this place will work...other than that I will find somewhere else to go.	2009-11-16	0	0	0
YRM3OnUH4QkGMFrETKvKgw	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	5	My love took me there for our Valentine's Day dinner during Valentine's Day weekend.  It was ridiculously busy, I almost wanna say more than usual, but we only waited about 15 minutes.  Our servers and additional staff was very attentive, we waited on average of 1-3 minutes for each of our rolls to come out.  For the I'm Turning Japanese roll it took a little longer because the yama yama is baked but it was our last roll so we didn't mind. -  - For $23 a person for AYCE it was more than worthwhile!  We had nine rolls, I think my favorite would be I'm Turning Japanese, or Son of a Beach.  We also had some Unagi which was very delicious and the pieces were big.  Each roll were in good proportions, none of that overfilled with rice crap.  I won't lie it was saucy, but we both prefer saucy so it didn't bother me. -  - The mango mochi ice cream was a little too cold but once it chilled it was good, but not as good as the red bean ice cream. -  - We will be back!	2012-02-13	0	0	0
SoTCMXUNWmpM3_2kgYNlHA	YacTpiq0ZptFcXD7I-kdGA	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	5	Emeril's Delmonico Steakhouse is located in the Venetian hotel, slightly across from the Blue Man Group Theatre. To be honest, I even liked Chef Emeril much. Never cared about his shows or his cooking. Guess he made me a believer after this one night dining at Delmonico. We made reservations through Open Table for a party of 12 on a Saturday night. We wanted 6:30pm but were only given the options of 5pm or 9pm (FYI, reservations were made about two weeks in advance). We weren't about to pig out then hit the night life scene all bloated and passing gas so we settled for 5pm which worked out anyways. Gave us plenty of time to digest and chill.  -  - We checked in with the three pretty hostesses and were offered to have a seat in their lounge area until our table was ready. Barely five minutes passed and our matre d' came out to fetch us. Unfortunately, he wasn't as easy on the eyes as the hostess. However, he took care of us the entire night. I apologize for not remembering his name because he's worth mentioning and deserve recognition: Caucasian, arrogant looking but very proper and attentive, and had a dark humor side to him.  -  - The establishment is quite simple but still very classy. It's dimly lit for you romantic types; unfortunately this was a bromance between 12 obnoxious dudes. The dining rooms and distance between tables were spacious enough so you're able to have some sort of privacy. You can tell that they didn't try to over do the interior design of the place. It's an elegant and clean look. -  - We all decided to bypass appetizers and drinks and just went straight for the entrees and side dishes. We figured we'll be pounding enough booze later on the night. After recently having some awesome buffalo in Wyoming, I decided to order the Three Peppercorn Crusted American Buffalo Rib-eye with Caramelized Cipollini Onions and Brandy Peppercorn reduction ($50). For those of you who are already raising an eyebrow, this chunk of meat was by far gamey. It well cooked, very tender, and seemed to have less fat that then regular bone in rib eye. Personally, medium rare is the way to go. I sampled the bone in rib eye from my friend's plate and I have to say that the buffalo is the unanimous winner. A few of the other guys who are traditional beef carnivores decided to try the buffalo also agreed that the buffalo was well worth the try. Not to dock the rib eye because that was still very legit. -  - For sides, we ordered two of the following to share: Sauted Garlic Wild Mushrooms ($11), New Orleans Creamed Spinach ($9), and the Creamed Corn Gratinee ($11). It was the perfect amount of sides for the entire table, not over killing it yet a decent amount for each person. All sides were very delish and complimented our meals perfectly. -  - Everything could not have gone smoother. The 12 of us had a nice corner to ourselves. Service was top notch. Occasionally, they brought out 4-5 servers at once to present all the entrees to us all at the same time. Our drinks never ran dry and we were always checked up on every so often. The chef even sent out a sampling which was ground duck rice ball in a sweet and sour sauce. That could've easily been an appetizer order all together and we would've happily ordered it. Even the pricing was quite affordable considering the caliber of the steak house Delmonico is. I am quite impressed with what Chef Emeril has done with this restaurant. Big Props to him and the entire staff for an outstanding meal. I do look forward to future visits.	2012-04-11	3	3	4
aRvsxwKS_v3Idx-STbUYSg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	m5M-7ZueTQ5mAlLhDfay_A	5	Bouchon, how have we never met before? -  - My bf is a chef, and has loved Thomas Keller for as long as he can remember. He always told me about Bouchon, and how he had never been... so for his birthday I decided to make reservations at the LV location. -  - Reservation service on the phone was helpful and on point. I notified them it was his birthday and they gladly served him a dessert at the end of his meal. -  - Upon getting there (with our reservation being at 8P) it was packed! With it being such a popular place I wasn't mad even though I was hungry. It took about 30 mins to get seated.... but once being seated they gave us complimentary champagne for having to wait, win! -  - The service was efficient and accurate. Remember if it's busy, the time from ordering to getting your food can take a while. This restaurant is beyond amazing and extremely busy, but it's clean, intimate, and the food was amazing. -  - Did I mention the portions are big? For it being a chic restaurant, my beau and I assumed the portions would be a bit small.... once we got our food we were shocked, they are very giving.  - +Fries are heavenly. - +Bib salad.... the dressing with herbs is fresh & out of this world. Light & simple. - +French Onion Soup - will get your taste buds going crazy, very savory & onion-ey! - +Trout with the best green beans you'll ever consume - +Complimentary bread & pistachios (bread is cold.. pistachios are warm!) -  - By far one of the best dining experiences I've had. They have one in Beverly HIlls which is in my area, so I will be back. Check the menu since it changes with the season. You will not be disappointed with your dining experience at Bouchon. Cheers!~	2012-06-28	2	1	2
LqV00tM4Woy3GwzjeDGLWA	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	2	Overpriced and Overrated. This was some of the most boring Mexican food I've ever had and on top of it I paid too much. We ate here for New Years and did not do the prix fixe.  -  - The chips were good, but overall the salsa was boring. One of them was smoked, which has a really good taste to it.  -  - The $14 Cadillac Margarita, was weak and tasted like it was mixed with Lemon-Lime Gatorade and crap tequila. Couldn't even taste the Grand Marnier that was allegedly included.  -  - For the meal, I had the skirt steak. It came out lukewarm at best and was undercoooked (I ordered medium) but I ate it anyways. Not impressed, the meat was nice and tender but also pretty tasteless.  -  - If you're looking for good Mexi in Vegas, get off the strip and head down to Viva Michoacan in Henderson for some good food.	2010-01-01	0	0	1
9CkSiohJD3Nzfp09pFtDdQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	5	I love everything about this place. It stands for something, a voice of truth, reason, and simplicity in a city built on ostentatious complexity and because of this, I can say with complete confidence that there is not a better meal in Las Vegas.  -  - So rare it is to find a great meal and an unbelievable price for Las Vegas that I would choose a meal at the Pizzeria over any other place in town. I mean it. Here you will not find a line for gamblers who have been given complementary dining and line passes, you will not need a reservation, and you will not find a dress code.  -  - What you will find inside this hallway is truth. People who seem genuinely happy you came in to grab a slice. You will find real pizza. Unharmed by some celebrity chef being paid too much to make expensive food that is rarely worth the cost.  -  - Your food is served on a cheap paper plate, your beer is served in a red plastic college party cup. Have a seat on one of the three barstools, play some pinball, watch some sports and soak it in because when you exit through that hallway, you will not find another real restaurant on the Strip until you return.	2011-06-17	1	0	0
sPcQMSZUbQME-q-pxnWbCQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	4	Nice experience, wonderful view, however the food has gone downhill since our last visit.  We live in Las Vegas, and have dined there a few times.  Always wonderful food.  The prices are very reasonable based on strip standards, but the steak is really not that much better than what you find at Outback.  Also, the Steak Frites fries are more like chips than they are fries.  The bread, and desserts are still totally fabulous.  With all the other choices, it will be a while before we try this again. -  - If I could rate 3.5 stars, that would be more accurate.	2013-10-27	0	0	1
rBOixNEyCiM2cAvcb6Begw	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	JOSrl0MZ1SH1LuRuWMrlcA	4	Bulgogi fries=awesome. I really think this plate put 'em on the map. The rest of our dishes were pretty standard (fried rice and tacos.)  -  - Definitely worth a try, so go!	2014-02-07	0	0	0
1PQFNKoqfvA_PulP3Wsgzg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	47lvVeXB-pE9L6Xj_b5Q4w	5	Thomas Keller is a genius!  And I love that he does breakfast- my favorite meal of the day.  It was tough getting up early enough to make the 10:30 am cut off but it was worth the effort!  Midweek bfast is served until 10:30 on the weekends they serve brunch until 2:30pm.  Going for breakfast is a great way to taste the high level of cooking without the price tag of dinner.  A fan of Bellini's I was excited to see them on the list- and happy to say it was well made just like they do on the coast of Italy.  I would almost consider staying at the Venetian just to eat there as often as possible- except that the Venetian is just such a zoo I can't bare it!  Seriously the gondola singing gets old really fast.	2008-02-23	0	0	0
dVCSZiv_W2Dn49M2ty_mfA	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	5	BEST BLOODY MARY EVER!!!!!  The only reason we came here and we were not disappointed! This one was the Something About Mary. Slider, chicken wing, corn dog bite, cheese etc etc etc! So yummy	2014-05-04	0	0	0
ACIbHHKuI0DQpezfVAntEA	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	_Sqkr2_S8aAmk9ngRtj4GA	3	Not that good. Selection is very limited, at shellfish station, you can only find shrimp and crab leg. The quality is ok, and the environment is good. - Everything here doesn't worth the one-hour queue!	2013-12-23	0	0	1
_p7NIs2uGra_i9HB3IIn2g	YacTpiq0ZptFcXD7I-kdGA	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	5	First, I want to say that it was totally cool to be able to make a reservation here via Open Table though Yelp. It was easy and I didn't have to sign up for any additional stuff. Big ups right there. I even received a confirmation email the night before (although I had already called to confirm the reservation). -  - Our server name? Michael Jackson. He didn't moonwalk for us but it was probably the best single display of customer service in a restaurant that I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. He was engaging, attentive, and even dropping "kama'aina" and a few other Pidgin words upon realizing all of us were sitting there in our Sig Zane's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sig-zane-designs-hilo). -  - We actually started with a small sampler platter that was given to us on the house because we were with our friends who lived there. I guess they like to encourage Las Vegas locals to come down more often. It was juicy because of the veggies on top, but the meat was a bit crisp and even more on the burnt side for me. After that we ordered the Truffle Oil and Parmesan Potato Chips and Emeril's signature cajun New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp appetizers. The potato chips were highly addictive and had a super rich flavor to them. Add the Parmesan and the saltiness was of great compliment. One of the many highlights to the evening was the shrimp appetizer. The large shrimp were wonderfully crafted with just the right amount of spices to encourage their fresh sweetness to linger. -  - I ordered the special Bone in Rib Eye Steak. It was perfectly cooked to medium. The thing was pretty large and I finished off most of it, but coupled with everything else we ordered, it was a tall task. My good friend ordered the Filet Mignon Medallions and they were spectacularly juicy and flavorful. I actually secretly wished I had ordered that instead. -  - Ours sides consisted of Potato Gratin, caramelized Seasonal Onions, and Creamed Corn Gratinee. They all were excellent in their own right. My friend described the Potato Gratin as the single best dish of Potato Gratin he has ever had. Myself, I thought that the Seasonal Onions were spectacularly sweet. They blew my mind and I almost loaded up on those alone. The Corn Gratinee was also sweet, but it wasn't as good as the other two. Although, two spectacular sides out of three isn't too shabby. -  - Overall, it was a great spending time with good friends over an excellent meal in addition to the wonderful service. It was worth every expensive penny I could slam on the credit card. I would easily recommend to anyone the experience. Reservations are highly recommended. One last note, we even got a hand-written thank you postcard less than a week later from Michael. That was really nice.	2010-08-18	1	0	1
hdW-UfqD3LrQg1tntu-L9g	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	EVoRHbVjBj6jyQS0wbHxTA	3	Has a nice view of the strip. Hella expensive drinks and our waitress was terrible!	2012-06-30	0	1	1
kVKPb_8uBMKER8X5ueaLdw	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	8ynJnM_Q7aAT_pmtcmQjUg	4	The first impression of this place is that it is in the middle of nowhere. It is also really small inside.  - Staff immediately greets you and explains the menu. They're all very friendly and helpful.  - I had their new veggie burger. Black bean, rice, chipotle burger with coleslaw and avocado. It was quite delicious. I hate coleslaw, but this was very edible. Quite delicious. I had it paired with truffle fries, they were pretty good as well.  - My friend had a slaw chee salad with seared ahi. It was very tasty. We both agreed we could eat that every week for the rest of the foreseeable future.  - I can see us going back here really soon. Everything was delicious, even their water which had oranges, strawberries and such in it.  - I hate how small this place is though. We were there for lunch and many people were leaving or taking food to go since there was nowhere to sit. I wouldn't want to take food to go from here. It is nowhere near home, nor anywhere else you can go sit and eat. All around this place is very good. Just be wary of going in at typical lunch times. It cleared out a bit by 3pm. Around 1:30 though there was nowhere to sit.  - I can't wait to go back and try some different things. I dot eat meat, so there isn't a vast amount of things I can eat, but there is a few good choices.	2013-08-29	0	0	1
Jr29DpJvI-FCXTG9oCfBcw	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	4	Very good desserts.  Quite pricey.  Don't make the mistake we did...share.  Each dessert is big enough for 2-4 people.	2011-06-20	0	0	0
HK6qoqNgonU6mX8rztx8SQ	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	hvVHmlPXVng82yNUTFjt8Q	3	The breakfast selection at the Buffet was pretty delicious, but the dinner selection was pretty standard. The line to eat was insane & we would have opted out if we weren't mLife members. The price was too expensive in my opinion, mainly because I never get my money's worth at buffets. Overall, it wasn't a bad choice. Though, I would venture away from the strip and support some local small businesses in Vegas. I found some gems out there that were cheap.	2012-12-11	0	0	1
Ikzu6XVvj1bvHYYMFh1qxQ	5IWu0xhlZEopvIz3w7o_3w	TxiT97l6MykT-VsEptOlqg	5	During our recent vay-kay in Vegas, we took my Pops to the Palms to celebrate father's day.  First time for me, and I'm not sure what number it was for my parents. -  - Needless to say, I'm very happy with the choice of making the reservation here to celebrate Father's day here with my folks. -  - We arrived about 15 minutes early and were greeted and seated right away.  Our server had a great sense of humor and was told that all items with the icon of the palm next to it was a signature dish.  He did not disappoint. -  - For appetizers we ordered the Colossal Lump Crabmeat Cocktail, which the parentals devoured like it was going to flee.  Not a morsel was left and the lettuce that surrounded the crab meat was tossed to ensure all pieces were found and eaten. -  - For dinner, Pops had the Double Cut Lamb Rib Chops 18 ounce with fresh mint sauce.  The lamb was cooked to medium perfection and was consumed with each bone cleaned complete - the fresh mint sauce was a winner, where another serving had to be requested. -  - Mom had the Signature Palm Surf 'n' Turf - a 6oz petite filet mignon and a half a lobster.  That lobster must've been a really huge lobster because the half she received was bigger than the size of my entire hand!  Needless to say she enjoyed it so much that there were no words exchanged, no grunts, just the sound of the silverware hitting the plate....then *poof* it was gone. -  - I had the Prime Bone-In Rib-Eye Steak 24 ounce (Hunk of Awesomeness) cooked perfectly at medium rare and the meat peeled off the bone like butter....I left no scraps and the only trace of evidence was the bone. -  - The sides we shared and recommend to anyone were the creamed spinach and the asparagus fritti (fried asparagus).  The creamed spinach is rich and similar to the ones they serve at the steakhouses such as Mortons and Wolfgang's.  But I totally enjoyed the asparagus fritti.  The asparagus was fried in a italian seasoned breading - not thick but very tasty. -  - Unfortunately by the end of the entrees there was no more room for dessert...though if there was, I definitely would have loved to try the flourless chocolate cake and New York Cheesecake....for the next time :)  It would have been embarrassing if they had to roll us out of the restaurant...lol.	2012-06-27	0	0	0
39LyZfqFbm3zKHdwMgjx9g	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	swmOXLh_xENXrpRZ-Qj-dw	4	If you're staying in The Venetian, I highly recommend this restaurant.  The decor and dishes are very similar to The Cheesecake factory since it's owned by the same people.  We didn't have a reservation on a Friday night but we didn't have to wait long before we got seated for dinner.   -  - They have a decent cocktail list and the portions are pretty big.  This is a great place to come if you don't have reservations anywhere and want a good place to eat with a nice atmosphere.	2010-03-08	0	0	0
zJZWzCSBHLoZGdLnaJvYLw	ttTp9QDQzx6GHxnRv6Wn1w	WWft7O2JBUBU84UpWRiGsw	5	Office staff is on top of it! I've personally met with Dr. Cash and I can tell you he is professional and one of the leading Dr.'s in his specialty.  Search "Dr. andrew cash medrounds" on Google and like me, you'll find scores of people who love Dr. Cash.	2012-09-04	1	1	3
hM9uYFFm0JY2oMItXiG2tQ	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	lCD3wyHthsYFlP52Hll-QA	4	You can't go wrong by booking a reservation at one of Bobby Flay's flagship restaurant next to the sportsbook at Caesar's Palace Hotel and Casino.  First, they bring out one of the most tasty bread baskets in Vegas (second only to Guy Savoy's bread cart).  So, try not to fill up. -  - Tamales are his staple and are probably the best items on the menu - my favorte: the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale. Super-yum!!  If you have a big appetite and a higher credit card limit, go for the Bone In Chipolte Rib Eye!  Save room for think-out-of-the-box deserts like his peach, mango and creme cheese empanadas. -  - My mom and I liked the Prix Fixe Lunch special, it has just the right touches - the best of Bobby Flay at a much lighter fare.  Also, the mixologist at the bar will concoct the most amazing drinks!  My poison: Black Widow Mojito!!	2008-09-15	1	0	1
hFccQgzu9c7Mmb_W3PmgjQ	5FLRsYrT6w2VSDvQDhphXg	eMWZ2mRO1dP3sdr9jYrwXw	5	How lazy can you get? I made reservations on the Yelp app on OpenTable and it is a stones throw from our hotel room. I told my husband to choose somewhere to eat for his belated birthday and he chose Fiamma.  -  - I love the decor. I love chic places. It was also nice to see a little reception dinner for a newly married couple. I've always contemplated a Vegas wedding. The tab would be under a grand. Nice! Anyway, dinner was awesome. The hostess brought us to our table pretty quickly and they even accommodated us when we wanted to move to a booth. The server jokingly said "no PDA but under the table stuff is fine". It was really romantic. A nice getaway from Christmas craziness. We ordered cocktails. The hubs had the Fiamma "The Original" and I had the Pineapple Upside Down Cake. The drinks were pretty tasty. Order the Caprese to share. When I order Caprese I don't expect much but some buffalo mozzarella and sliced tomatoes. When the salad came out it was colorful. Chopped up yellow and red tomatoes, strips of basil, and soft buffalo mozzarella and some awesome tasty green sauce. I ordered the Raviolini which is amazing shortrib ravioli with black truffle goodness. It was super good as the pasta was al dente. My husband ordered the Orecchiette. Both of our entrees were good tasting and totally worth it. Prior to dinner we told the server where we were from and that we were celebrating my husband's birthday (even it was a week before). We ordered the Crocchette for dessert which were little donuts made of Amaretto and Ricotta and dipping sauce. The server was so nice he brought us out glasses of champagne and even made a little Happy Birthday display with a candle for my hubs. -  - The service was top notch and our server was super personable. He was really attentive to us even when the restaurant was close to closing. Overall experience was fabulous. If you have a hard time deciding on the millions of restaurants to eat at in Vegas and feel like Italian, come to MGM and try it out. Pricey but totally worth the food quality, ambiance, and service.	2011-12-29	0	0	0
kwatCAXtM3CfUdIVtuPpmw	DIlh3Ta7-7tfjKL1apaYHw	KUtzHIs-Y2Va3STDlWa0iA	2	Quite disappointing. The hotel is undergoing a major refurbishment and in all honestly should have closed its doors during the construction.  -  - There is no lobby, instead it is just a trailer (yes a trailer albeit with nice carpets). To access your room you have to navigate a labyrinth of hallways and multiple lifts (3 separate lifts!). After an long day at the festivals I was annoyed to have to walk another 10-15 minutes in the hotel to get to my room. Yes, the rooms are very plush and well furnished and the beds are comfy, however, there were quite a few things that went awry that really are not acceptable for a place that charges over 350 pounds/night for a standard room.  -  - For instance the phone in the room was busted, the sink facet was blocked, the maids would jam up the music when they clean adjacent rooms (annoying on a early Sunday morning). Even operating the lights requires a masters degree (I could make the bathroom appear blue or purple but couldn't get them to stay on). All in, really poor showing by a starwood property. Perhaps this will change when the construction ends, but for now avoid.	2011-08-17	1	0	4
SJafRAwXipyjvJo-5hIGcg	_izZ_euPbjphpiobMkLzSw	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	Don't park on the street, Wells Fargo ave is not owned by the hospital and Scottsdale PD will ticket and tow you. Plenty of parking in the parking lot. Facility is 24/7 visiting hours, but East side door locks at 8pm so you have to enter from the North.  Also ALWAYS check for RSV season. You don't understand how much it sucks to drive an hour or two out there with kids to find out it's RSV season and kids who are not immediate family are banned.  Although understandable, don't want to get the newborns sick so whatever the staff says, goes!	2014-04-04	0	1	1
iC8iqzimIxGcqB-cgF7CDg	8qL697NwICTc_ac0-26Ycw	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	This mall has two stories full of different stores, many of which are clothing stores. There are a few cell phone stores and kiosks for cellular needs. There is a large Food Court with many types of dining options, from Subway, to Panda Express, to Paradise Bakery, to McDonald's, just to name a few. At many of the stores you will find great deals and not just at Christmas time either, but all year round. This mall is a nice mall and a much cheaper alternative than the upscale Scottsdale Fashion Square.  -  - The location is commuter-friendly, just off the 101 and Chandler Boulevard. There are many dining places outside the mall as well and there is also a Harkins Theater on-site for your movie entertainment experience. There is a playground for the small kids located on the upper level outside of Barnes & Noble Bookseller. There is free wi-fi for your shopping experience too that you can utilize with a smartphone, iPad, or laptop while shopping or taking a break to dine in the Food Court.  -  - I recommend this mall because of location, the wide variety of stores and dining options, and because it really is a nice place to shop.	2013-03-04	0	0	3
G--XV0HGEhBFl34wDRHx7A	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	RPekyPjyLPiTtMvqytFBNw	5	There's a reason why Hash House has so many reviews....first awesome thing is that they're off the strip.  Although a taxi drive is necessary to get here...its so worth it.  The photos really say it all.  Massive massive portions.  Honestly, you can split an order between 3 people.  The benedict was fantastic and the chicken and waffles were awesome.  The bacon was actually cooked inside the waffle...sweet!!  No complaints here....the food was massive and flavorful and the decor is very eclectic.  I'll definitely be hitting this place up every time i'm making a ruckus in Vegas.	2010-12-03	2	1	2
pxjIilbSn_iWpKcs5wIdTQ	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	y19XcMnE8xwmXCrC-bZrFA	2	I have been to a few different Brazilian steak houses before, but this was my first time here.  We went to celebrate a couple birthdays with a group of 8 people.  - The service and atmosphere is what earned both stars. The only complaint in this department was when I went to the rest room, a service tray was leaning against the wall less than a foot from the urinal. Pretty gross for a crappy diner let alone a nice evening out.  - The food was not worth the cost at all. All meats, except the sirloin, were way over cooked. The carver would ask how you would like the meat cooked, and we quickly learned your response did not matter. Dry and well done was what you got. My wife is pregnant so only soda for her, and one glass of wine for me. $148 total including a 20%tip. Not worth it at all. I will not return, and recommend looking elsewhere for a good Brazilian steakhouse.	2012-01-14	1	3	1
QdibZrUYopleBRUnBt8T4A	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	mha1Xd0asQfPeETU9Hx3vw	5	My favorite bar in Arizona. Great outdoor seating, great food, great beer, great staff. The bathroom line can be annoying sometimes, but it's never that bad. If you are a guy, you could be peeing on a fountain. The only thing to be weary about is that you'll probably end up running into someone you don't want to see.	2007-11-19	0	0	1
xolFGy9PlWRM_1ZFfwSEWg	gg0j4D4A1JJxLJvEMgvrDw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	3	Myself and my boy go here (I can't really afford salon prices...other things come first like food and school tuition). They are pretty decent with my son (who is 3 years old and squirms like a worm in hot ashes) and they do just fine on me (I require just a trim of the ends for my hair is long and I like it to stay that way...nothing too difficult). It isn't the Paul Mitchell salon but it works for the family on a budget. If you are looking for a new and improved look that will make the opposite sex drool....go somewhere else. If you just need a trim now and again and don't have the funds to get fancy...this is the place for you.	2011-02-04	1	0	2
Rv686JuVck1X3Cw4hG-CWQ	AtoMSHZ-lO7kxHRBdioMtA	fqQ43W4f3GWEypXmc5FcOg	1	Don't go on a holiday weekend!  -  - Literally from the time we stepped foot into the spa, my stress level increased.  From the 15 minute wait at reception to the 10 minute wait for the tour, I should have known that the spa was too busy to care about my mother and me.  There were SO MANY PEOPLE at this spa that there was literally nowhere to SIT, let alone lay down and relax.  For example, the pool.  My guess is there were about 18 chaise lounges by the pool and about 30+ guests.  Yes, I was one of the lucky ones who got to sit on the ground, waiting for someone to leave.  Just the sort of treatment you expect to get when you pay this much, right?  But to make matters worse, multiple couples saved a lounge chair for their spouse, while said spouse went to get their spa treatment.  For an hour.  Only for both of them to leave once the spouse returned.  So there were 3 - 5 open lounges at any given time  that were being "reserved."  Out of 18.  Grrr.... I found these pool guests to be inconsiderate and entitled, which really rubbed me the wrong way.   -  - I could go on and on because I was so infuriated with this spa, but I understand that this could have been an unusual turn of events (because of the holiday and the Travelzoo deal), so I'll leave all of the dirty details out.  Nevertheless, I saw a poorly run facility that was over-crowded, overwhelmed and ill-equipped to say the least.  Dirty towels everywhere, jam-packed jacuzzis, messy grounds, slow food/bev service.  Man, it was just a disaster.  We left early so we could sit down and have a drink.   -  - The one highlight of the day - which was the first thing we did - was our massage.  Both my mom and I were impressed with excellent massages.  My mom wouldn't stop talking about hers and was moved by her masseuse's care and concern.  My masseuse, Linda R., was highly skilled and had the strongest hands ever.  Both are at the top of their field.   -  - But alas, a great massage does not make a spa.  If you're looking for a high class, relaxing, full service spa, this is NOT the best choice in this area.  BTW, it might appear that I'm the only one rating this a 1-star, but if you click on "filtered reviews" at the bottom of the reviews, you'll see 5 more disgruntled customers rating it the same...	2012-05-29	0	0	1
6KXT-9v9IW_Fc9_HziEtTQ	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	5	Bone in filet was perfection and I have been to a ton of steak houses across the country.	2014-07-03	0	1	1
bvoiaEa5OBe1Ovd-piCLrQ	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	IOBOiXUAfyAYDqz3F4uSaw	2	Good dessert, but not worth the hype or the price. Plus this was the 3rd time we had tried to go, but got held up the other two due to crowds and horrible hosts at the door...this time we were finally able to get in. Overall not a fan.	2014-05-07	0	0	0
2sZ50VAwiWo7fWOFagIsWA	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	ngyzUHegpUy9T4_522B2nw	5	best pizza in town!	2014-06-01	0	0	0
jvIvG5CKt6ppBRafbDJqmA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	PEPncYMhxc8YCsqfoFBohg	4	PERFECT for a typical vegas morning when you and your girls have a slight hangover. This place is super cute, very chic and modern design :) - The buffet is a bit scattered though, breakfast is everywhere, pasta is next to tofu, sushi is next to beef..i think it would be more helpful if food is placed properly. The dessert selection is phenomenal! They are in great proportions, allowing you to take a bite at everything. They even have gelato ! It's super yummy..even though you can't serve it yourself..Well, you can always go back for more!	2011-07-26	0	1	1
XJizubu9lAMYsxll-e-gSA	OkRzw22eDg45do8i-1jHow	mF4WLIpMIs01XVriRxy0mQ	4	Good selection at the Pima rd. location.  I'm doing the camelback location tomorrow.  Clean and well organized, good prices.  I do not consign clothes anymore with these types of stores due to bad experiences , but it doesn't stop me from shopping at them.	2014-03-24	0	0	0
ZBvZS-0QeAYxwRmwZV_euA	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	IeNHVYXSRfmCV3aN330ZPg	5	I had lunch here on the last day of my vegas trip. - The prices great. menu very similar to cheesecake factory. - Very delicious food and great decor. - Perfectly place to grab a quick lunch on the go.	2011-08-16	0	0	0
1e22avd-z2cNYbRb6dFNaA	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	Ok...its probably looking like I frequent this place a lot. I actually don't but a bunch of friends have been in town recently and they all want to go here. Go figure.  -  - This time it was for my co-worker/friend Nicole's 22nd birthday. We received a comp dinner and free admission into the club.....ahhhh...the pluses to being a girl in this town. The food was delightful....fancy bar food...which I adore. The calamari and the flatbread pizza were the highlights. We also received a comp cocktail tree full of shots...it tasted like baybreezes and a cocktail (I had the Pompeii...Bacardi o, pineapple, grenadine and I think Malibu was in there as well...very tasty) . Our server was lovely and fun to chat with...plus his glasses were cool. -  - We roll into the club and we had to wait for about 5 minutes because we had some guys in our group. The bouncers looked visibly stressed (I guess the IBM convention guys didn't know how to behave at a nightclub). One bouncer was a bit rude to my friend because he didn't have a sport coat on...but he was one of the hottest guys there...again go figure. When we get inside and it was like a computer geek sausage fest. Needless to say it wasn't the ideal crowd (some serial killer looking dude was trying to freak on the birthday girl).  -  - Overall it was a fun experience. The food was tasty, the service was great and the music was fun....just remember to steer clear when the IBM convention is in town.	2011-04-16	2	0	2
_LEsLx1K8wCF4vNZD_zy8g	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	Vcg87EqE0gDMlNIxQe9L7w	5	Great menu with a ton of both healthy and more savory options depending on your mood, great/friendly staff.	2014-06-04	0	0	1
jerqtcq0iBYHKUw81vkLTA	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	Came in on a Sunday for brunch and the wait was about 30 minutes. The place was pretty packed. I'm assuming that both locals and tourists frequent here. It's a nice drive off the strip. -  - $5 for a kiwi watermelon lemonade. Pricey but it was well worth it. You get a nice wedge of watermelon with it. Perfect if you're a little parched from the previous crazy night. -  - Warning! The portions here are massive. It's funny because when I first got seated, I walked by this huge table that were waiting for their tab. Two things I noticed was that everyone had a togo box in front of them. Second, everyone looked like they were sitting in that post-food coma stage mode (waiting to knock the f out!). -  - I had the fried chicken and waffles of course. I barely put a dent in this plate. Had to box up at least half of it. I don't know if it beats Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles but the amount of food sure was over whelming. Actually, everyone on my table did not finish their food, not even close. I felt like we were wasting so much food and that some poor kid in Mogadishu could've been feasting on our leftovers. -  - Unless you can chow down like no other, you might want to share a plate with someone rather than all order something individually. BTW, the flapjacks here are a size of an oldskool 99' Acura Integra GS-R stock rim. -  - It's a little pricey but you do get a lot. I say, try it out one time so you can at least say you have dined at this infamous spot. It doesn't seem like a diet friendly joint.	2010-05-25	3	2	3
LInby1mZw0uPXRUXrBwAqA	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	Ye4eyjekhPaG2SyiQv1WUQ	5	Among the best pizza I've ever had- definitely the best in Vegas! Went there 2 out 2 nights on my last Vegas trip. I tried all sorts of slices, but liked the meatball and mushroom best. I don't normally like white pizza, but this one is great. -  - Fun, mellow, atmosphere. A welcome break from all the Vegas lights and sin and what not. -  - They had PBR and Stone IPA on tap, which was a really cool combination. Satisfied everyone who wanted beer with their pizza. -  - Not going to lie: I ate too many slices at one point and had a tummy ache for all of the next day, but I'm about 100% sure that was my fault, not their's. It's just so good.	2012-11-29	0	0	0
GxXojtB5hsUZqQw48gN1_g	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	3	Fish is ok quality.  The highlight was the california roll (which I never typically order) which had real crab meat.  Kobe beef on the hot rock was ok.	2010-08-30	0	0	0
0Mq7MXQbMffy-YmPgAYcNw	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	3	Pretty excited about the opening of another burger joint in Vegas. We originally were headed to Holsteins but it was rather late (and we found out that they no longer were serving burgers at the time) so we went across the street to PH to try BurGR! We ordered the chanterelle burger ($16!!! WHAT!), just fries ($8), and a kale caesar salad ($12...and no protein!). -  - The burger was not as juicy as Holsteins, but still pretty tasty.  The fries were decent -- could be slightly more crispy outside. They came with two interesting twists on ketchup -- one was chipotle-flavored and the other curry-flavored. Not to say we disliked those, but we did wish they also provided normal plain ketchup with the fries. -  - The salad was WEAK. The name is kind of misleading since there actually wasn't much kale in it -- maybe 20%. The rest was all romaine lettuce, with everything COVERED with parmesan cheese (literally, every leaf was coated on both sides of fine cheese powder so it's not like I could just shake it off). It seemed like there were equal amounts of cheese to lettuce...pretty ridiculous if I say so! (See picture for reference). There was so much cheese and its flavor so powerful that I ended up using minimal dressing. The kale was ok, but the romaine pieces weren't very fresh...the edges were browning and wilting. -  - The food here isn't the greatest, nor do we plan to come back, but the servers are SO friendly and kind! Some of the best service we've received in Vegas! -  - Also, if you show your total rewards card, you get $1 off each item!	2013-08-07	0	0	0
I_e0IY3ZU-VsH5Ngzo1T_Q	46Pklsv4V2dku7yY5rvhIw	jK1pWtisgxgsTuVo0RSaeg	5	I've been going to Dr. Madder for almost 10 years. He and his staff are professional, patient and understanding. Great, relaxing environment. I recommend them to anyone!	2012-05-18	1	0	1
xv0FOvnUHJP8keCrDElwHQ	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	4	The best 24/7 restaurant you'll find for late night cravings.  Pasta and steak were all delicious, and so were the cocktail drinks! So glad there's Grand Lux Cafe in Dallas! Can't wait to come back.	2013-08-08	0	0	0
CjOy_fYrIEnW6GrQSqhwGg	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	5	Really sublime cakes.  Not too sweet and made with the freshest ingredients.  I got a slice of german choc and strawberry shortcake.  So good.  The cookies are all fantastic too and when you check in you get 5 free cookies.  Great deal.  I ONLY WISH they had bread.  I drove to Vegas from LA and went straight here.  I had visions of a Jewish Rye, but alas, it wasn't to be.  Oh well, still great cakes. -  - I am a baker and so I have high standards.  Case in point, I can't stand Porto's cakes  ( I live in SoCal).  There fillings are very artificial tasting and gloppy.  I thought the two cakes slices I tasted blew PORTO's out of the water.  The cookie's were sublime too, especially the rainbow cakey cookie.	2014-05-25	0	0	0
m7gS0GWN9p3L9uaz1jDlGQ	Zb6DZ4OGmKWcEGc9h1ew1w	Cdf9w97G2fIxgSl1qH0jjA	4	Really awesome light display..so worth it for a good cause..its actually a lot longer then you expect it to be! Great holiday event!	2012-03-02	0	0	0
S2Rq2K-nVPtqNeaQkCDrdQ	DJMC1HD4XEeaJaWlR6ISBw	-3TxtJo7vjXYM3ROugCO_Q	5	I love this place! - First it is open till 7pm I stopped at 2 other nails spas that closed at 6 or 5  before going to Buddha Bar nail spa. I'm actually mad at myself for not going there first since it was my first choice off of yelp. Any whoo got there at 630pm and they took me and my daughter in no problem and they did not rush us. - Second I love this place because they gave my 8 year old a child's price for her pedicure. They didn't just let her splash her feet in water and paint her toes quickly. They gave her the full service and gave her as much attention and time as they did for me. In fact my daughter and her nail Tech Linda had a whole conversation and my daughter is truly shy. This was my daughter's 2nd pedicure. Her first pedicure was at a posh salon in California they gave her child's price but she was done in 7 minutes she waited forever for me to get done. With Buddha Bar they truly gave her the nail salon experience and I'm absolutely greatful at how they treated my daughter. Her dad who usually does not wAnt her painting her nails was happy with the outcome he said her feet was starting to look like his and now they are cute again. - Third I love this place because of the chairs they were massage chairs as well! - Fourth I love this place because they are meticulous with what they do Leila worked on me and she did an awesome job Linda as well did an awesome job on my daughter  and everyone was nice. - The negatives I almost didn't walk in because of the surrounding  shops it was a western union ,pizza shop and a gas station in front of it. I thought because of the surrounding stores the inside was going to be dirty. But the inside of the shop is hardly comparable to what the outside area comes off as. Really modern, clean and the  music in there is very classy, cool jazz.  - I made the mistake of not checking in till after I left and I missed out on the check in deal. - Love this place and is going to be my go to nail spa.  - Big thanks to that whole team for making my daughter and me day wonderful!	2014-03-21	0	3	6
_Ocn8Ape1b6xpfVdByyxaQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	RNJXqDHE7fhD1KK8CdIJPA	5	I love the beer here first, nice selection and seasonal. In my opinion always support your local businesses first.  -  - The fish and chips here is probably the best I had so far and for $10 you get huge portions. I will come back here every time I am back in town!  -  - Beware since it is so close to ASU campus this place gets packed at night. Bring your ID at night or you will not get in, but you are automatically 21+ if you park next to the bouncer and walk in front of him to the place!	2011-03-01	0	0	2
jB9QY8C8FAdm5_sQVlV0Jw	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I've tried to eat here many times when I've gone to Vegas but I've always had friends that didn't want to wait a long time to get there food.  This last time I went I almost gave up hope again when my man suggested we just get something from the to go line and head back to our hotel. -  - So I didn't get to eat inside like I wanted, and I so desperately wanted to try one of their deserts.  But as least I finally got to try there food.  I plan on going back to Vegas and next time I'll make sure to put in reservations because I am determined to have a sit down meal here but I can't stand the thought of waiting 45 mins to an hour and half to just be seated. -  - The food, although it was cold by the time we made it back to our hotel.  It was still beyond delicious and enjoyable.  It was so good I probably would have found a way to have seconds if we had stayed for a table which is probably I good thing we ended up getting it to go. -  - I'm so excited and I can't wait to go back and eat there again!	2014-04-19	0	0	0
yQnFX2DcbuXcojJZzIwJbQ	EcHuaHD9IcoPEWNsU8vDTw	hRy9-3-MT2_g9EBUU_Is_A	4	Been there multiple times for massages.  Absolutely one of the best I have ever had!  Yes you can spend up to $150 for a swedish, but you get to use all the amenities for the entire day which more than makes up for it.  The men's side, which obviously I can't speak for the women;s side, has a steam room, sauna, showers, cold plunge, outdoor sun deck, and lounge room with flat panel TVs.  Totally worth the cash.	2010-04-12	0	0	0
Sk1YLpJBdmUY_sbb7WV3Gg	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	iSGMocGcppfcWv1edA2oJA	4	My nickname "the Spaniard" immediately  gives me the authority to judge this establishment, and with the help of Yelp! I will do my best to do it justice! -  - First of all... this place is spitting distance from Ruth's Chris Steakhouse. I say that just to involve some perspective on its proximal competition. Despite what the bell boys may say, it is also walking distance from the Renaissance (or the convention center for that matter) if that is a question in any traveler's mind. I will say, however, if you choose to walk for dinner expect a surly backstreet Vegas-style walk down "Paradise." -  - Firefly, although far from the Spain that I know, is a great dinner spot. It is off the strip, and surprisingly unassuming and unpretentious. We were seated on the patio on a uniquely  warm winter night and remained comfy, but if you actually make reservations I would recommend the inside even though it seemed mucho crowded in the cold weather.  -  - We ordered 4 Tapas: The stuffed bell peppers, the Serrano ham and Manchego plate, the diablo shrimp, and the pork empanadas. To drink we had a pitcher of Red Sangria. Without any hesitation I will say the tapas were delectable, and I would order them all again... especially the shrimp. The Red Sangria on the other hand was full of ice aka watery and contained no other fruit that I saw other then small apple chunks. We finished off the meal with the flan and the bread pudding, and both desserts were very good. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for variety of the Spanish persuasion. Great Tapas. -  - The only downside to this place was the music. It was far too loud on the patio, and it went from a Spanishy Gypsy Kings mix to some bizarre techno mix half way through the night. Not a big fan of that, but it wasn't enough to put a damper on a wonderful evening at the Firefly.	2009-01-04	2	2	2
-FyHxwp7iGAnkWUZ5rE9Vw	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	3	PLEASE NOTE - this review applies to their New Years Eve experience only. -  - Food was wonderful, service was excellent (with one big exception explained later), but the whole reason we went to Mix, and paid their higher price on New Years Eve, was the view which was a HUGE disappointment.  I would not recommend Mix for New Years Eve.  Any other night I would say it is a great choice. -  - First the good.  The 5 course tasting meal was phenomenal.  We didn't just like all the courses, we loved them, and all were simply fantastic.  The opening veggie martin with truffle topping was one of the best appetizers I have tasted.  The wine pairing will also very nice, and our waiter was fantastic during the whole meal service.  It was also a very fun and festive atmosphere. -  - Now for the bad.  The whole reason we chose Mix, and paid the higher price, was to see the fireworks from their vantage point.  The problem was, we had no view at all.  The only people that had a view were the few tables that opted for outside seating.  The restaurants does NOT overlook the strip, and thus if you pressed your face to the window on one side, you could barely see two of the hotel fireworks.  The view is from the Mix Lounge, however that was closed, and restaurant patrons could not enter.  The other disappointing fact, was our waiter, who was so friendly and attentive, and throughout the whole meal, assured us just before the fireworks he would show us the good spot to stand.  The only problem was, after 11:30, he disappeared, and never reappeared.  There was no good spot, and this seemed in retrospect to have been just a con to get an increased tip. -  - Mix is a fabulous restaurant, and I would highly recommend it, but avoid it in New Year's Eve.  It is a waste of time.	2014-01-02	0	0	0
VdNnvVQK6yBT-InZ1YVfeA	xnmwzklOe8EkfDlnRQCPPA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	I just recommended Jehnuine Designs, once again, to a friend who needed some website, social media, and general marketing work for her small business. I was just shown the finished product and, of course, she does not disappoint!	2013-05-22	1	0	1
KdYIfj-tUptpV33F3_ttGw	vEeiIvhzz29rO-6EPFqkjQ	PpTVxjqOiEMCIwfyrUpikg	2	Yet another disappointment from Wynn. Much like the hotel itself, we thought Tableau was completely over-rated. We came here for brunch after reading all the reviews and were expecting great things, but were disappointed. We were seated outside, overlooking the pool, so that was nice. However, it was 100+ outside and the misters at our table were the only ones on the entire patio that weren't working. We actually waited for a good 10 minutes before our server, Evan even asked us what we wanted to drink. When I asked about the misters, he gave me a smart remark. We brushed it off and placed our orders. -  - I had the eggs benedict and the hubby had the kobe dish. The food came out in a timely fashion, but the food was sub-par for such a fancy restaurant. My english muffin was burnt and I couldn't cut through it with my knife. I ended up eating the ham and egg part separate from the muffin, which were pretty good. The kobe dish was just ok. Nothing special and certainly not worth the price tag. -  - Now back to the service. We weren't even checked on during the time we were dining. Our server was standing behind us and didn't even ask us if we needed anything! When we were done eating, we had to ask a different server to flag down our server, Evan, for the check. Evan didn't even return with our check; the other server did. Definitely not a 5 star dining experience. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this over-priced mediocre place. If you want real brunch, head over to Bouchon at the Venetian. Oh, and weak mimosas and sour OJ! Thumbs down!	2009-05-18	0	0	2
Lei7JNzZqHWy5LuyFxCT7Q	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	St Francis is ok with you asking to move chairs around to be next to your lover -  - And after you are done smoochin' -  - Order Order Order the Pot Roast Sandwich (real Texas toast) - this is after you sip on the Dark & Stormy and share the Romaine Hearts Appetizer -  - Ask for recommendations the wait staff (which are all very handsome) will be glad to lead you in the right direction. Yum Yum Yum	2009-10-09	2	1	0
Bj9brTz9lOsGEaIwbm59lA	MjNHFNzphMaDI5d-VLEj2Q	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	If you are looking for an ugly sweater for the ugly sweater Christmas party, you are bound to find them here for sure.  It's too funny how some of these still exist. I was expecting to hold my breath to avoid the funky air smell in stores like these.   -  - On this visit though I was surprised that this thrift store was pretty clean and didnt have that musty smell when you walk in.  All the merchandise was cleaned up.  If you are looking for something in particular you dont have to dig your way through. Merchandise is organized categorized into sections. The clothes are sized and even sectioned off down into seasons. Don't expect to find the latest trends in fashion though, alot, about 80% of the stuff are so 3 years ago and beyond. Lots of rows of clothes to pour over though.  My good find was a vintage Levi jacket in great condition for $7! -     - The housewares section had alot of funky junk. Even in fair condition was a little overpriced for being used. I cant justify paying full retail price for holiday placemats when you can probably find them 3 doors down at Big Lots and it's brand new. The store is a good place to find and repurpose items for cheap. I got creative and bought this hideous party dress for five bucks,cut out the crystal appliques out of it and used them. If I had gone to the craft or fabric stores, they would've cost me at least $5 a piece.  So this place is cool for what it is. It serves it's purpose for me.	2012-12-06	1	0	1
IXYewjVA7iJs7Ta6nLWN0g	jIMZ4emK6VYAqTGR6qiuwg	HYSIr5gcOhCuWFMTzUR8XQ	3	I live in Los Angeles and am super addicted to Drybar, the salon that only does blow outs. So when I came to Vegas I wanted to find the nearest salon to wash and blow dry my hair. I found a groupon for a blowout for $12. Totally had to try it. I was approached by Tammy and she took me back to wash my hair and give me the BEST scalp massage ever. She then blew my hair dry just as I asked. She was so super sweet and the easiest person to talk to. I loved her. I would go back to Tammy anytime.  She was confident and very professional.  -  - On another note... My friend had her hair dried by Sergio and her experience was awful. Thinking maybe he is just starting an has no experience. He was very rough and she even tried to explain that it was painful, and he just continued to pull and pull and pull. It was awful. We explained that there was a problem and that it hurt and he just got more and more mad and rough. -  - **Always ask for Tammy she is awesome! -  - Only 4 stars because of my friends experience and the fact that Drybar has me spoiled with mimosa's and the atmosphere is unreal.	2013-07-27	1	0	1
Y17ywN5zNed4YH98L_0GYA	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	Having been a bookmark on my Yelp account for some time now, we finally got the chance to try this place out! We headed in and were greeted right away. We didn't have a reservation, but we lucked out and got there earlier than the rush, so we were seated in a nice booth up front.  The place filled up pretty quickly after we arrived, so I would recommend calling ahead if you have a larger party (and they only seat your party once everyone has arrived, so keep that in mind, too). -  - Our waitress was Leslie and she was wonderful from the very start.  Friendly and accommodating she allowed us a bit of time to look over the menu and made recommendations based on our preferences, which worked out nicely.  I had the Lo-Lo's meal and he had the Double D meal, we shared an order of cornbread, cause...who turns down southern style cornbread?? We opted to try out a couple of their drinks which I cannot remember the names of, but they were good!  -  - The meals came out quickly an were exactly the way we ordered them and they smelled amazing. Chicken was cooked nicely and the breading was really well seasoned. Waffles were fluffy and perfect. The cornbread was gone within seconds of hitting the table.  -  - Despite being way too full for it, we shared a banana pudding for a dessert, which was worth every agonizingly over full bite! I highly recommend this if you from the south and like a good banana pudding with real slices of banana and wafer topping! -  - Overall: A+ - Great service, great southern food with hilarious names (amazing dessert for a bonus), and fun ambiance make this place a "will absolutely return" venue!	2014-05-12	3	1	4
xV_5ZDq-WfnS8fYdKB-sMA	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	lCD3wyHthsYFlP52Hll-QA	2	I was craving some BBQ and took my mom here.  The menu looked like it had great potential and our mouths watered from the variety of offerings. -  - The biscuits were a bit heavy, but were tasty.  We split a two-meat combo. It was massive!!  We ordered the beef and the St. Louis ribs.  Both were on the tough side.  I had to ask the server if it was St. Louis or baby back ribs on the plate - because there was hardly any meat on it!  I was told St. Louis, but I swear they tasted like baby backs! -  - We also didn't care for the mashed sweet potatoes - it tasted like baby food.  We did order the apple pie and it was generous and tasted good.  Overall, it looks like it's great for gorups, has big food and drink servings, but fell short in taste and authenticity.  If I were to choose to go to a BBQ  restaurant chain, I would go to a Tony Roma's.	2008-09-30	1	1	2
SrddHDkDA8MI9SdNOZK7Rw	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	1	Still Dirty. - Still Overhyped for what it is. - Still Overpriced for what you get. - Still sick of hearing about it. - Cookie still good ~ big whoop...still.	2009-11-17	14	15	18
AUkzFBA7Gtr6ohnec9epLQ	KjBAUYy7m4vhSoFIrz2WjQ	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	2	Please see my review about the General Store. That is not included in this review.  -  - This place is on LOCK DOWN. You cannot shop here comfortably without people watching you intently. The security officers and employees are all ready to jump on you if you look just a little suspicious. I made sure to stare them down like they were staring me down.  -  - Everything here is really cheaply made. There are some super nice gift shops in Vegas, and this one is not it. I kept telling my boyfriend that it was like an overpriced dollar store. I can't believe my sister in law actually bought $40 worth of shit here. I purchased three shot glasses myself, but you can't beat that for 99 cents. If you want nice souvenirs I recommend the ABC store on Fremont. I personally love the Hello Kitty Las Vegas goodies. :) -  - I think this place could use a lot of improvements. It's sketchy, it's dirty and the employees are downright MISERABLE! The greeter lady said to us "You can go here and walk all the way around. Remember to have fun, because it is fun!" But she didn't sound so convinced of that herself. There was a definite vacancy in her eyes. It almost made me feel bad for her.  -  - Anyway, the only thing worth coming here for is the liquor store. It's a good one if you are sick of overpriced cocktails and beers in hotels and clubs.	2012-07-28	1	1	1
3BLM6OlHylkFmi77FQ-L_g	MglY-6zpPbBUhbCZElSwrA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	That Ashley does it again.  I called in a panic.  In a matter of a day my hair went from short to long, unruly, thick...and I was leaving town the next day.  She looked at my hair and knew what needed to be done, explained it in a way I could understand, and now my haircut is manageable, cute and exactly what I wanted and needed.  I love how she listens to me but still gives her suggestion of what will work best for me.  Thanks, Ashley.	2013-04-23	0	0	0
kLIEUm6kbX1dTKP9EhjOgQ	JYnZna-lXy-pv8P22tloIA	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	1	Even with appointment had to wait 4 hours to see the one and only doctor on site. What a mess!	2012-03-23	0	0	3
SmkjAi4A_u4E_Iqs3DIkvA	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	JbX7xQ1TauSKpk37fZEESw	1	Bullshit service. .. everything felt like it was hurried.  Food not up to par.  My lamb was grisly and grossly undercooked.  For this price, I expect a better cut of lamb.	2012-12-08	0	0	0
4iCNaAIqPjtOB4iufrqn6g	4BHDz9dQXjvlgDY6u6UiiA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	I love all the VS stores I shop at but this particular one located here at the Galleria remains my favorite because it's well stocked and they have a great selection of PINK clothing line. Maybe that's why Im still the Duchess.  Im here.. alot.  -  - The sales staff is great and attentive. Lines look long but their are always several cashiers helping out so wait time in line isn't that bad.  -  - Stuff can be spendy but there is always some kind of sale, deal of the day or event going on.  Get on their email list. -   - Definitely like the quality material of their merchandise. Never got any holes or tears in my yoga pants. Nothing has faded.  Even after several washings all my clothing is still in good shape.  -  - Funny but TRUE STORY - It happened a while ago but always remember it.. So 11 years ago this one guy just came and scooped up the whole bin of undies and all of us where like WTF??  Didn't even look at the sizes styles.. just grabbed it out from the table.  Knew right away he was an Ebay reseller and called him out. He got the riot act pulled on him.  He set that bin back on the table and left. Ha Ha!   - So don't mess with women when shopping at the Semi-Annual sale. That's all I have to add to this review.	2013-11-08	4	6	5
nxn4Kd-92dsw9ECPXdqY-w	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	cOUq5MKmRp7rsTxIkJwRFw	4	Overall: Great Indian food at a reasonable price. -  - My boyfriend and I had a hankering for Indian food the last time we were in Vegas and with all the good reviews on Yelp we decided to try the Indian Mint Bistro. -  - When we placed our order the server was playing with his iPhone while taking our drink orders. I thought this was a bit rude but he explained that they have an app to place orders. Pretty cool. We started off with a salty mango lassi which was delicious. -  - For our main course we ordered the Indian Sampler ($30.99) that featured garlic naan, veg pakodas, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mixed veg curry, lentils, yogurt, rice, and a milky rice pudding (khir). We liked the idea of having a little taste of everything and boy did we! The food was outstanding, but the servings were kind of small. I was satisfied, but my boyfriend could have eaten more. They did bring out more rice when they saw we were getting low.   -  - Tip: They also serve Halal meats and they will call a cab for you when your meal is over.	2011-09-14	0	0	0
IJA9iMKbHVKzhqQGINBWkw	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Skip the bread, skip the potatoes, skip the fried bananas, go directly to the meat. It's fun to see how many different animals you can eat in one setting.  -  -  - Noon - 3 on Friday the price is around $25. You can't beat it!	2013-01-04	1	1	0
TmP2B8PWAEA7xLyDRdm6zQ	fiakOloknJZNUDD-yly-Ew	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	5	Great salon! Super friendly staff that made it a great experience for a mother-daughter mani-pedi.	2013-06-08	1	1	1
RFP-xK14E2etr4q-bFky7g	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	KMXEK4UY49LXjxMzcEKqrw	4	I enjoyed my meal here. The atmosphere was fun and everyone seemed to be genuinely having a good time. The service was decent considering how late and busy it was.  -  - Salmon Skin Salad- tangy, crunchy, and tasty. I'd order this again. -  - Buta Kimchi- The kimchi wasn't fermented at all and the pork was sweet. I think I was expecting something more along the lines of the Korean version of this dish so I was disappointed. But even if I hadn't had some sort of idea of what I thought the dish was supposed to taste like, I don't think I would've liked it because it was too sweet for me. -  - Udon- They were out of Ramen and it being a cold night, I wanted something soupy and hot. I opted for the Udon and was pleased that the noodles were soft without being too soggy and the broth was hot and soothing. Yum. -  - I rarely get off the strip to eat when I go to Vegas so this was a nice change. Definitely good eats.	2007-12-30	6	0	7
1U0dHS0ZdjXpacZ5qU4ahg	G2Re2E5Jkv_UF1xrenSsDg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I shop here a lot when it comes to work clothing.  At every Macy's I notice the clothes tend to point towards the clientele and over at Metro the clientele must be damn broke or ghetto fab, so now I shop here and fashion square. -  - The store has a wide selection for anyone's taste and the prices run from pennies to thousands, depends on what you're looking for.  They always have a great sale going on too so I tend to get really good deals on things.  I've yet to buy anything that fell apart and I was angry with, doesn't mean it can't happen or hasn't happened to others but I've been pretty lucky personally. -  - There are a few cashiers there, that even though I only return once in a blue moon, they always seem to remember my name and are very helpful with me.  They know my style and taste so when they point something out I might find cute I'm not annoyed because these people know me well. -  - It can get messy at times but really what department store doesn't.  Even the fabulous Fashion Square gets a little messy when you see it packed elbow to elbow with wild women hunting through sizes on a blow out sales day.  I'm a fan for sure.	2014-04-05	0	0	0
CWwOAPE6FU2WGJaqrinC_w	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	eQSj2Pg6zlybas4UfipmrQ	4	I went here when I was in Vegas for vacation back in March of 2014. Carnival World Buffet was our first stop for food when we got settled into our hotel ( located in The Rio Hotel).  -  - We were seated right away and serviced immediately and our meal was free because my boyfriend had $400 worth of points to spend on food in Vegas from a credit card he uses. Our server was awesome. All he did was clean off our old plates and refilled drinks but he was just super friendly. We tried to tip him but he wouldn't accept the money.  -  - They offered a large variety of food. brisket, BBQ chicken, ribs, pho which was my favorite, a carving station that included turkey, glazed ham, pot roast and so on. They also had various Italian dishes, seafood, more traditional american food such as burgers, corn dogs, soups, salads mash potatoes, vegetables dishes, etc. It was hard not to find something you didn't want or like. Because we went at a time that was slow, some of the food went quite some times sitting in the same tray. Makes the food look very unappetizing.  -  - Other than that, the buffet was great. I do think Bacchanal Buffet is better but this one is a close 2nd in terms of best buffets I've gone to.  -  - I will be back in the future simply because I really enjoyed the Pho and the great service.	2014-05-17	0	0	1
S-5umLsg6wm0rs4fsP9pFw	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	i4nYhtvutFioe99rIyVonA	1	Unfortunately, I had a pretty poor experience at LAVO despite of the great interior design, funny bathrooms, good music, and above-average desserts. I think the problem with this place is the price/performance ratio. The complimentary garlic bread was decent. We ordered 2 appetizers: calamari and eggplant parmegiano. Calamari was barely OK but eggplant was good. The main platter that I had was seafood pasta for $38 and the dish was super salty and acidic due to overuse of tomatoes. My wife ordered one of the fish dishes over which they poured balsamic vinegar without double checking with my wife. She was so disgusted with the fish she had to send it back. The next fish she got was salty as well but at least she thought it was well cooked. We finished the dining experience with an order of 2 desserts and both were above average. Overall, pretty average food that you can probably get elsewhere 1/3 of the price with a much better taste. -  - My biggest problem was our waitress. After she took our drink and appetizer orders, she disappeared for 20 mins. When our appetizers showed up, I asked another poor fellow whether we are gonna be able to order the main dishes if our princess waitress decides to show up. She came over in another 5 minutes, didn't even apologize and pretended like nothing happened. We had to wait for the main dishes for another 30 mins. We didn't get water refreshments and I think we have been only asked once if we need more drinks in that time. When the food came, I was already feeling filled but ate the whole thing because I was very angry (and it is super hard to make me angry).  When my wife's food turned out to be bad, the manager came over and apologized so +1 for the manager. -  - Overall, we paid for 4 people about $350 w/o a bottle of wine or anything like that. If we only paid $150-$200 I could have been still OK but at this price range I expect high quality services to be delivered. Really disappointed in LAVO, never coming back and never sending any of my friends there. Sorry, Palazzo.	2013-07-07	0	0	0
OkKwAC_a7f4WtVk4ro8jAA	nRLOlJcdyFw_V17KiTtAmg	-3TxtJo7vjXYM3ROugCO_Q	5	Dr.Radtke is very thorough with her exams. By far, with all the optometrists I have seen she has to be the best. Making decisions with my eye care is so much easier with her because of the amount of information she gives. This office offers a variety of different cool and modern frames. I did not want to trust my daughters eye care with anyone else but I was worried that they would not have a big selection of children's frames. Highly mistaken they have a really awesome collection for kids in fact we were torn between 6 different frames.	2013-11-22	0	0	1
H9YsrbjjdHKdIs8AALXakQ	-PisznY2s13FyX3tASY4aA	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	4	This store is a decent store. The staff is helpful. One of the cashiers had a funny nature about her. A little sarcasm thrown in, but she was cool and helpful. Prices were pretty good there as well. I'm sure I'll make return trips there eventually for work.	2013-09-02	0	0	0
_cb9wB2NobgxTlqrj46YmQ	NKKt_CxHCggMvuvrqJEjSA	19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w	3	The first thing I've learned after joining this Y is that not all Y's are alike.  In fact, they can be vastly different since they are managed independently.  We came from one of the nicest Y's possibly in the country in University Park, Texas.  The Scottsdale Y is OK.  The gym has a good variety and number of cardio machines.  I have been very satisfied by the adult offerings.  They also provide 2 hours of child care a day for members, which is nice.  My kids love the playroom there and usually don't want to leave.  I have been very disappointed with the kids programs which is why we chose the Y over LA Fitness.  We almost joined swimming for kids, but after watching a few lessons, I decided to go elsewhere.  It appears that the teachers change every week.  I watched a private lesson where the instructor didn't even get in the water with the kid, but barked commands from the edge of the pool.  How awful.  We recently tried the Itsy Bitsy sports.  It is supposed to be an intro to t-ball, basketball and soccer for toddlers.  On day one, they tried to have my 4 year old dribble across the court, do chest shots and lay-ups.  C'mon now.  They did give me a refund for the class which was nice.  My last comment is that the pool is really gross.  We've tried to swim there with the kids, but the water just doesn't smell very good and there are hairballs everywhere.  The locker rooms are also not super clean either.  But if you just stick to the gym, the adult classes and the child care, you should be fine.   The last perk is that I have been able to use other Y's across the country due to my membership here.  It's definitely a great value.	2009-11-02	1	2	2
OiHGpC9HluaqGyUtDJh4uA	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	d0K4G6LZ4lw1NNx_V8xDIg	3	I've heard rave reviews for this place. So much so that I would be willing to give this place another try. Perhaps I went too oriental and not enough Mexican, by ordering the Jerk Chicken Fried Rice Combo w/o beans with Jade Red Chicken and BBQ pork. The Jerk Chicken Fried Rice I really liked. The Jade Red Chicken was good but not super amazing. The BBQ pork was just ok. I'd probably go for the burrito or quesadilla next time. The guy giving out samples and our orders was super awesome though. He calls out your name like you're an old friend! Loved that. And let's not forget the free cookie with your meal! What service!	2011-08-15	0	0	0
CjjbuxdOiE3_iotOxq4W9w	YWIDquDD5n7L7VWD6D4mig	6YB7nN2wwdmpgwCaSPSjVA	1	If I could give this place lower than one star I would!  Here's the story-I'm an out-of-towner suffer an injury and transported by ambulance to this hellhole. I wait on a board for over an hour and 45 minutes - almost peed myself waiting for a nurse to see me - waited forever for a doctor to finally see me and tell me that I had a concussion.  I'm telling you I would've called out on all fours to get out of that place. Not a lot of friendly staff I think my husband encountered two friendly people out of that whole place.  I truly hope that Las Vegas has better medical facilities in this place. Because my advice if you're injured bleeding or need a heart transplant get yourself on a plane and get the heck out of there if this hospital is your only choice.	2014-03-20	0	0	0
3IdEAsLa7tm2frxtj7u3ZA	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	zgnmTeHoB6EQptCZ3YvEUg	5	Service 5 Stars - Decor 5 Stars - Food 10 Stars! -  - Crab cake and steak? That equaled to a perfect night...with everything cooked exactly they way I like it. -  - The prime steak literally melted in my mouth. -  - Drooling now.	2011-12-21	2	0	2
c_7RJSJaaa8r5aw7kJ2Vng	vEeiIvhzz29rO-6EPFqkjQ	3Dg56MS7V-Ua9d3n_wAemg	3	I made the decision to try out every restaurant at the Wynn.  How impressive was Tableau?  I don't even remember what I ate there, and it was just 3 months ago.  Is it one of the nicest restaurants at the Wynn?  Sure.  It has a nice, quiet ambiance, very sophisticated, very quiet.  Will you see any obnoxious frat boys or wannabe Gordon Geckos there?  Nope.  Is it a nice place to take your wife on your anniversary?  Yup.  It's an elegant restaurant that will impress that special someone in your life.  But is the food memorable?  Not even close. -  - OK, ok, I had the prime filet.  I've had better...SW @ the Wynn was obviously better too.  My buddy at the halibut....he enjoyed his meal, but again, nothing where he was talking about it the next work day.  My other friend had the 7-course chef's meal...but his opinion doesn't matter, since he's a fancy-schmancy dude who's been to Aqua, French Laundry, etc, etc.  Overall, we were pleased with the meal, but not impressed. -  - Look, I'm not one of those freaks on After Hours with Daniel (go mojo channel), comparing foreplay to appetizers and orgasms to banana ice cream....even though I'm a big fan of banana-flavored anything, so I did enjoy their roasted banana ice cream.  I'm just a regular joe-schmoe who occasionally attempts to be fancy, who attempts to step up the dining sophistication level a bit.  And I don't go to Vegas for the dining......that's #4 or #5 on my TO-DO list.....but I do want to have good food while I'm there. -  - The Wynn restaurants are really interesting......it's almost like you'll always spend $390 for 3 people there....the bill almost always comes out to that.  Whether it's the SW, Country Club, Tableau, Okada (good sake), Wing Lei (with serious alcohol), or Corsa Cuccina (with serious wine), the bill always comes out to $390.  Kinda scary. -  - Like most of the restaurants at the Wynn, it's over-rated and over-hyped.  3-star rating in my opinion, but some will add another 1 star because of the environment and the "Wynn" factor.	2008-06-16	1	1	1
QR9aLrkb38yDsu9qY7sgBg	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	This buffet is pretty good. There was a wait to get in but I made my party wait in line and I ducked out and played some nearby slot machines and won $15.00.  -  - We came at the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch so we got to try both at the breakfast price :o) They have really good breakfast foods...I actually preferred the breakfast food to the lunch food. I think it's harder to screw up breakfast.  -  - The waitress was really prompt and kept our glasses filled up. As with all buffets there are a lot of people so sometimes you have to navigate through that and that can be annoying. I will be back here again the next time I stay at the MGM Grand.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here because there are just so many buffets at every hotel.	2009-10-25	0	0	0
BklIUZrfV5P7aWhPU7pziQ	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	TkP8s0Z9N-r0IAk3_K_Phw	4	Man Vs Food ain't got nothin on me! -  - It took us a while to find this place--we had to go on a long adventure through the "extravagant" Imperial Palace casino to find this place.  Hash House was packed, which was a good sign. I'm surprised this many people trudged through the casino to actually eat here. -  - Service was pretty good, although the ice water tasted pretty gross--it was probably just tap water.  Our server was very helpful in taking our orders, since it was our first time and we didn't know what to expect.  -  -  I ordered the Sage Chicken with a side of crispy potatoes. Man this thing was huge! Two breaded and deep-fried chicken breasts sat atop 2 biscuits, bacon, eggs, cheese, and mashed potatoes, and covered in a chipotle sauce. It was messy, down and dirty, and I felt my arteries clog up with each bite--just the way I like it. You've got to eat this right away, otherwise all it all becomes soggy and not as tasty as it could be. After tackling this heavy meal, the tap water wasn't so bad at all. The Crispy Potatoes weren't that good--they were burned and a little dry. I should've opted for the side of Sausage instead. -  - Of course, major food coma is to be expected afterwards--the host commented on how slow we were walking. All of us were dragging our feet as we left. Nobody wanted to do anything but just lay around and nap. We ate this meal at around 1pm....9 hours later none of us were hungry yet.	2010-09-16	0	1	2
s0xMJJWPa2xdsqWYB8pZ-w	05tazaFQt1EnQ_Gk_1AFyg	EVoRHbVjBj6jyQS0wbHxTA	3	Shared the platter w a friend and had a Nutty Irishman drink. Food was just ok. The platter had fried sausages, onion rings, fried slices of potatoes and chicken wings...that did NOT agree with my stomach later on and I think all of us did not feel good later that night. Well it was our 3rd night in Vegas so maybe everything is just disagreeing w our bodies by that time. But I think I would've enjoyed it otherwise	2012-06-30	0	0	0
tkSkDDi7tdK7zjaWSeJf7w	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	hvVHmlPXVng82yNUTFjt8Q	3	My husband and I ventured away from "The Strip" in Vegas and found Sushi Mon.  -  - The service was amazing. The sushi chef welcome us with open arms and explained everything to us about the "All You Can Eat" Sushi menu and let us order one roll at a time to ensure we would be getting the best "bang for our buck." We didn't need the AYCE menu, though -- if I ate more than three bites without getting full, it would be an amazing deal.  -  - We got the takoyaki, spicy tuna hand rolls, and octopus salad. The octopus salad was absolutely delicious. The takoyaki was a little much for me. The spicy tuna hand rolls just weren't what I was used to, but the fish was extremely fresh. The food I ordered wasn't my favorite, but I think that was more my error than anything. The man next to me was ordering the most amazing food and I wish we would have just tagged along with him. If I could go back, I would have definitely ordered the salmon collar. It looks beautiful! The lychee sorbet made my heart smile as did the service.  -  - I would be happy to try this place again! Their prices are definitely fair and their food is good!	2012-06-26	0	0	0
U5oQYzKGe-XSiP5rqGcWNQ	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	-fdo0Dcg4M7tEdDBLpbUTw	4	I had an ok meal here when some friends of mine were playing.a gig here.  The food was ok.  The venue, the staff here are all first rate.  Thanks again.	2006-08-10	2	1	2
exH9qQOCF6x4n-X4Jqr7eQ	5y88Y-RbndE0QNwQMeScew	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	1	Everytime I have gone in this store I have left feeling like a big pile of poop. The staff is sooo horrible. I read the other reviews and it seems to be a common thing which really sucks because I would probably shop here a lot more if the staff wasn't a bunch of pricks. P.S. I found a skirt at Target for $10 that is EXACTLY like one they carry, except they want $40 dollars and your soul.	2009-05-11	3	6	4
44yRVOrt7qbOT3NlHGjGhQ	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	iIoY5bTG2hnNyzarpYi-ww	4	THANK YOU again, Yelpers -- was looking for a good Thai for takeout not too far off, and Satay Thai popped up. Was actually glad it was a takeout pick-up 'cuz it was almost all guys in there (after 9 pm) and mostly at the bar. The Tom Ka Gai was a teensy bit oversalted, but otherwise just galangal-icious! Pad Thai with chicken & shrimp also  very good. They do prepare to American tastes, which is to say if you want any spiciness in one of these often-sweet dishes, TELL THEM when you order. Jasmine rice: nice aroma, will go well in my soup tomorrow. The other thing I loved? Change back from my 20. 'Course the bartender was so personable it didn't matter: 'scuse me, while I tip this guy!	2011-08-13	0	0	0
MPHHn4HQu_Uha0mVhxy5dw	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	4	EXCELLENT SERVICE AND FOOD!  -  - We went on a weeknight, close to midnight, there were probably only 3-4 tables with customers. We had a younger girl as our server and she was excellent! She made sure our drinks were never half full and that we were satisfied with out meal. The food itself is a nice mix of asian cusine. The portions are big and the food is very tasty. Definitely a place to try!	2010-05-24	2	0	2
QeUx-qm4GxG40L_WRj3ITw	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	5	Oh how I love thee... Just thinking about my experience here makes my mouth water. I was very pleased with the quality of meat served in Texas de Brazil. For those who have not been to a Churrascaria before, servers make their way through the restaurant with meat on swords which they offer to customers if their cards on the table are turned green side up. There is also a salad bar that offers a variety of cheeses, olives, smoked salmon (my favorite!), asparagus (also a favorite!), bacon, salads, variety of Italian salami, sauted mushrooms (yes please!), rice,  sushi, fresh mozzarella, au gratin potatoes and probably a bunch of other stuff I am not recalling. I would not advice filling up at the salad bar and may be grabbing an extra plate for your meats as they will start flowing to your table.  - At the table you will get garlic mashed potatoes, cheese bread (yum!) and sweet plantains. AND THEN! As mentioned prior the meats will start flowing... The parmesan crusted chicken, bacon wrapped sirloin, garlic rubbed house sirloin were my favorite. The variety of meats is extensive and fluctuates between pork, chicken, beef, and lamb.  - If you develop a need for a sweet satisfaction after your feast, there is always desert. The Brazilians cheesecake was delicious, Crme Brulee was.. eehh ok. - Your beverages are not included in the price so be prepared to pay extra and they serve pretty good cocktails. I'm pretty sure that the tip is split between the waitress and the carvers (don't quote me on that) so remember that when tipping.	2014-01-03	2	2	3
a4SRnGNRarZ19y_TS2Ictg	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	2	This was the new place to try in South Point, last time we were there we didn't have time to try it. This time we made sure we tried their food. We ordered a butterfinger shake in their take out line. The shake didn't taste like it was made of ice cream. It tasted like water based soft serve. Nothing like the butterfinger shakes at Sonic's, which are creamy. It had plenty of butterfinger chunks and the whipped cream was tasty.  -  - After we returned to our room we realized we wanted to try their food too. We were a large group of 12 and the line at Steak 'n Shake was very long. We choose to order take out and eat it in our rooms. Many ordered the burgers, I had chili cheese fries. The fries are shoe string cut which are not ideal for chili fries. The chili was bland, you didn't taste the spices most chili's have. the cheese was nacho cheese and it easily over powered everything. It felt like i was having just cheese.  -  - I would like to try their burgers next time, it is usually busy so I enjoyed the had the take out option.	2011-11-03	0	0	0
tHPiVUYPlovTdmeet5ojSg	J-FcHI69k_MpSKjwkDURuw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	HOLY COW DID I EXPERIENCE NIRVANA AT SPA MIO! I am a brand new chickadee. I had 4 treatments...you heard it right...4 treatments (I wish you could see my pretty pretty princess tiara right about now).  -  - I walk in and was greeted by a lovely girl named Amanda...bright smile, good energy and  very courteous. Then I meet Debbi, our spa host. She directed me to all the super cool amenities (lockers, whirlpool, sauna, chill out area) and gave me a comfy robe and slippers. She was lots of fun to talk to and made me feel totally welcome.  -  - My first treatment was a foot and scalp massage with Tracy. Within 5 minutes we were gabbing about sushi, boyfriends, and Lavo's amazing lobster bisque (which I am totally going to have to try). Let me clarify something here...I am a chatty Kathy and have a hard time just sitting still and being quiet (I might be ADD...who knows)....so therefore I talk turning my treatments. The spa workers were cool if I wanted to talk or relax...just letting you know. My feet and head felt fantastic (i'm on my feet all the time at work).  -  - Next I met Melanie for my sea salt body scrub. Her and I clicked instantly because we are both mommies. I was curious about some of her more memorable customer situations and we were laughing about some of the lonely citizens that live here in Vegas. Her hands were amazing and my body feels so soft and smooth. Definitely recommend getting a body treatment...it really makes you feel like brand new. -  - Ashley came to get me for my hydrating facial. She was the most quiet of the bunch (which was fine with me....not everyone is as outgoing as I am). She did a wonderful job and gave me some great skin care pointers. I think I almost fell asleep while she was applying the hydrating mask because her hands were so soft. -  - Lastly, it was time for my manicure and in walks Gloria. She was hilarious, wonderful, great with nails and informative. As a single mommy I don't have much time to pamper myself so most of the time my nails suffer. She told me I had tenacious cuticles (I am going to tell lots of people about that...because its funny). We laughed and talked about husbands and kids. She also told me how to make my manicure last longer and picked out an amazing color called "Light My Sapphire"...pretty cool. -  - Overall I had the most amazing time here. Kate, the manager, does an amazing job (I made sure to tell her so...again so many people only complain and never compliment....jerks). I am super excited to bring my mom here for a mothers day getaway. Thanks again Amanda, Tracy, Debbi, Melanie, Ashley and Gloria....you are awesome and a true asset to the M Resort.	2011-02-26	1	1	2
OWiTxMuYj8U3ZVKZZe_lYw	FuZRtK2kf6iPHHwjjclnsQ	13XWdeB15eJtOnvCOYKabw	5	Only place I go and have gone to for over 3 years.  Anyone you ask in there knows who I am and that I come in weekly.  Love it!!  I would tell you who I see, but that might make me getting an appointment harder!!  HAHA	2013-01-23	1	0	1
wtLmCbxR0wL5poJu_tSB9A	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	4	I went back to this place a couple years later and a LOT has changed! The atmosphere is pretty cool, we sat outside. I didn't actually eat anything, but the drinks were pretty good. I really liked it mainly for the atmosphere, but I'll have to go back and try out some food. Glad I gave them a 2nd chance. This might become our new Saturday morning spot.	2012-08-15	1	0	0
fUtD2zt8LDvAXNGx9xwt-g	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	4	This place has gone downhill. At least at night it goes down hill. Where are these people coming from? Geeze, I feel like I walked in to an episode of Jersey Shore. Blegh. The food is still pretty good, the volcano bowl is disgusting but worth the try. Hubs and I went one night just to hang out. It's so cramped. You are sitting on top of everyone around you. The good part of that is we had some good laughs at some RIDICULOUS conversations that were happening around us. I won't be visiting this place at night ever again. I may hit up Hula for some mimosas though. This place is much better for a nice brunch than it is for a night out.	2012-08-15	0	0	1
5SRDskiqBIdnf3o84tWWUA	DpboR9RGiOsjRdgP2_m0pw	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I went here for the first time today.  I liked that they were 50% cheaper then other places I've been to for the same services.  They are big and plenty of room, but I would highly recommend calling in for an appointment because when I went I was lucky enough to get seated right away, but a large group of people came in right after me.  It was at least a 45 min wait for some of those women. -  - The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the person who did my threading decided to remove my widows peak without asking me about it first.  I like my widows peak, I've had it for years, maybe people have one.  It gives me a heart shaped face which I like, and now when the hair grows back in that specific area it will be awkward, frizzy, and it won't fit back into my ponytail for a while, I'll need lots of hair gel to tame it.  If they would have asked me I would have told them no, which I now know for the future what to tell them.  But if would have been nice if they would have asked before they did it. -  - Otherwise I liked the place a lot, very very affordable. I've never found a place as cheap as this anywhere else.  I'm overall happy.	2014-03-08	0	0	0
hIi95rDnF_oeIfJnJCFbQQ	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	5	Not too far off the strip, located away from all the chaos; this place is a definite gem. The service was phenomenomal. Our waitress had a lot on her hands when she had our table of 13 to handle. She did a fine job, kept it professional, and answered all of our questions to her best knowledge. Our waters never went below half way down the glass. It was refilled everytime someone took a huge gulp.  -  - As for the food, I had one of the best filet mignons ever in my life. I got the smallest cut too (8 oz.) but it was thick enough that I was still not able to finish it. There's no word to explain the flavoring, it was that good. The texture of the meat was perfect. I'm getting hungry just thinking about that meal. I'm so excited for it that I skipped describing my appetizer first, which was shrimps served with 3 seperate sauces and crab cakes. Amazing is all I can say.  -  - The dinner roll was also very good. It was fresh and seemed like it just came out of the oven. As for sides, the mac n' cheese is a must order as well as the cream corn. The potatoes au gratin didn't live up to the hype. The way they serve the sides is family style. We first received our main entree'. It was immediately followed by a an army of servers. I swear, there were about 6 of them surrounding us. Each had a side dish in their hand. They came around and asked if we'd like that specific side and if yes, then they would scoop it on plate and move on. -  - In the end, we had no room for dessert. Everyone in my party seemed very pleased with Del Frisco's. It wasn't the most inexpensive meal but it was sure worth it. I would highly recommend this place for steak lovers. If you have a big party, it's probably best to make reservations because this restaurant got pretty occupied.	2009-06-01	0	0	4
ndzp-0VkN9dIKVQsD_suwQ	SEt4A0vHXFRJE-Z-Qr9Ybg	y5p13FHs9Nq-2bsigIEIWg	5	Love this office!  I work in the dental field in speciality and this office is great! Doctor is very honest and down to earth and his staff is super friendly. Couldn't say anything bad about them.	2013-12-13	0	0	0
Xk0gezeXtqKBzHSguYZMiA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	Service: Superb -  - Location: Right where you want to be -  - Food: One moment please... I just had a foodie orgasm! -  - The Rose was an excellent choice to match with the most amazing Pate ever! The poor spreading knife was used and abused during our lovely brunch. Our second order of Pate could not come soon enough. -  - The Hand-Cut Gaufrette Potato Chips were good enough to have a mini FKM (fat kid moment) and ask for a second serving! -  - Terri (My Love) has her favorite dish here and would not stray! She always orders the Trout Amandine. I would have enjoyed this more if I had my braces out... There were a lot of yummy almonds on this dish. But very pretty presentation. -  - And I ordered an entree this time. I know, I know I usually don't make it past the champagne and the appys! But everything had been so delish up to this point I had to order more. So I had the Smoked Salmon & Egg Salad Tartine! Yum Yum	2012-04-03	1	0	1
oY91PhsEs-k4lkaGyCLyJA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	RijMQ40JEHFh94S3K4msBQ	5	Mon Ami Gabi gave me a great dinner today.  My steak was tender, the service was excellent, and the view of the Belaggio fountains was spectacular.	2012-06-01	0	0	0
TyriSH-46VfpLY75Qhf_Dw	blbv5orsmJ_u8v_51CXBgQ	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	4	Unfortunate, but this business is closing down its showroom. Their email newsletter says: - "We realize this may come as a surprise to many but, due to a variety of reasons [including the obvious economic elephant], we have decided to close the retail operations of a.k.a. Green in mid-December. " -  - Inventory is being liquidated at 15% to 55% off, and they have some cool stuff. Check it out if you need anything.	2009-11-18	2	0	5
J9-OqwSIipCoPXkJ3M6IxA	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	2	review for breakfast buffett* - for 15.99 it is ok. - they had the usual, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits & gravy and other stuff. everything tasted ok. i love their OJ tho, so yummy. - there is nothing special about this place though. if your hungry and with your boys after a night of gambling, come here. - definitely not a place to impress a date with.	2011-10-12	0	0	0
Vt38I9DEiEbck5JFsshNeA	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	1cZHyRrbNbUhsmm6BdzELA	4	Was walking the strip when I saw this place. "Ohh Pinks! That's that famous hot dog spot in LA where all the celebrities go and people line up for 2 hours to get a hot dog!" Situated right in front of Planet Hollywood, I knew I just to get one of those wonderful meats encased in tube form, as Anthony Bourdain would say...lol. The place itself is really small, you order, slide down to the left to pick up your food, and there's an outdor patio where you can eat. There's a quite extensive menu including not only hotdogs but burgers as well and a myriad of toppings...the most familiar being chili and cheese to the exotic of avocado and sour cream. I went with the planet hollywood dog. A polish sausage with grilled mushrooms, onions, cheese, and bacon. It was hearty and delicious. A lil pricey at around $8 but I think it was worth it....will definitely be checking out other menu offerings the next time I'm in Vegas!	2010-09-13	2	2	2
4FBXsIrm9xtPLn7-yG6MjQ	8zL3V6rmFKBess3bxPLAoQ	MPGk4SrmyqwG_M-tgG1Q2A	4	Good buffet at a good price. Best ham I ever had was found here at the carving station.  Brunch was a little light on Latin food, hence the four stars. Good seafood options and love how they make and present salads	2013-12-15	0	0	0
uioH6XbvFi6xCLg6YYFc0w	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	qPV59BlrheM7sTfa5XHKsQ	3	Came here cause we are in Vegas and people talk about this place a lot.  - I have to say the burger is good but not excellent. Nothing to die for.  - The restaurant decoration is cool and the staff has nice outfits.  - They are also friendly.  - Other than that, I have to say the food didn't stand out.  - I am a bit disappointed.	2013-12-03	0	0	0
tWKa26ZqbruidOiKUM3KDg	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	4	So glad that they opened up a Vig in my neighborhood! Huge fan.  The atmosphere is fun and cool but not trying too hard, and the servers are always friendly.  The food is consistently good.  I'm a big fan of their deconstructed fish taco salad and the vigan sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries, delicious!  -  - It's definitely not as big as its counterpart - it has bocce ball but is missing the awesome patio - but it's also not as crowded, which is nice. I've been to both locations several times and this one seems to be more low key, even family friendly, than the original Vig which always seems to be verging on the edge of Scottsdale douchebaggery.   -  - Their new menu is really amusing, too, give it a close read sometime.	2011-08-05	1	0	1
Rt-FpX4q9tKcNqzuDU9T9Q	rBCX6nU2ub6v8ErfzXyjtg	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	3	This mall is specifically a high-end mall.  While its really pretty and stuff, I felt kinda mehhh about the fact that I'm too poor to shop here, lol.  I went to a few of the shops and was well received, but I was irritated at a few places that seemed to look down on me (sorry kids, didn't bring my crown with me this trip -_-) -  - Anyway, I guess it all balances out.  I did appreciate that there is a tram that will take you to either the Bellagio or the Monte Carlo (so lazy people like me don't have to walk in the sweltering sun)	2011-09-10	0	0	0
I_AAoIrVYqSiB0UC6EXYiw	Y2BXS2OOrlMSYfS5xdjtmw	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Everything I've tried has been great. If you like ginger, you gotta try the ginger macaroons for only $1 a piece.	2012-11-28	0	0	1
8R3VDahHODxNPjgj79mjcQ	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	5	I went to Hana last night and many nights before that.  I have never been disappointed with Hana.  Usually amazed.  The chefs and staff are great at what they do.  Hana uses fresh garnishes that I haven't seen in other sushi bars in town.  Pickled wasabi is one of them.  They accent with little ingredients  that make the food and presentation so much better and interesting. -  - The fish is out of this world.  We give chef Kojisan the option to create a dinner for us (my partner and I) and what comes out from behind that bar is natural goodness enhanced by a master's creative touch. -  - They know us at Hana.  We get the rockstar treatment along with good suggestions and samples of something new on the menu.  We are usually blown away. -  - We had the ramen noodles last night for the fist time.  Wow!!!  That pork was incredible.  For the first time we tried the Kobe beef sashimi.  Not bad.  Not bad. -  - The staff at Hana are super friendly.  They are always wearing smiles in that busy atmosphere.  There are seldom new faces within the staff.  The employees stick around.  It must be a great place to work.  It is a fun environment. -  - Hana does it right.  In all aspects.	2009-09-30	1	1	1
7lq82V_uoopZPjKFiuojhQ	XovIlMQEVSC5_WLUKKJJjA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	4	Psycho Jock has done all the embroidery and silk screening for our retail items.  The quality of the clothes they can get are great.  Lily will also give you her opinion on all the merchandise and she is super knowledgeable about all of the items they can order.  I would definitely recommend them.	2009-05-19	2	0	2
VrbBVpsBGBZ95Ot5-ZWfUw	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	D3hUdL4X_yClz_LhVpMTfQ	3	Had the veggie benedict and the biscuit and gravy. Perhaps we ordered the wrong this. I was not impressed with the quality of the ingredients or the way they were put together.	2013-11-30	0	0	0
ozDeUHyxv8GsdUz5vt71Mw	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	Went to @TheVigAZ Uptown with @UpAgency this morning to see @BrittneyShipp, and be part of a remote video segment. -  - I will give them a pass for the staff shortcomings today; things were a bit hectic for them, with the news crew being on site. -  - We were there for quite a while, so The Vig provided everyone with a nice "starter" of yogurt, granola, and sliced strawberries. It was delicious, and would easily make a great, light, healthy breakfast. -  - When we were able to order, we chose the french toast, the huevo banco, the Uptown and At 'Em, and one of the childrens dishes. (We shared, and took some home. Don't judge) -  - The french toast was simply AMAZING! Didn't even use the syrup, as it wasn't needed. -  - The huevo banco was also fantastic! It was my first experience with sauteed bananas, and I'm definitely a fan! -  - The pork was juicy and delicious, and the tortilla base was really good. -  - The orange juice was wonderful. The coffee was nice and hot, but not as readily available as I hoped. -  - This was my first experience having an actual meal at The Vig Uptown. I will excuse the issues I observed as being the result of the news crew. -  - In any case, they were not enough to dissuade future visits. In fact, I think The Vig Uptown may soon become a regular haunt for me. I'm hoping to get a good game of bocce ball in. -  - Thanks again to both The Vig and Up Agency, and especially to Ty, for being such a great guy! -  - P.S. One of these days I'll get myself over to the original Vig.	2010-08-29	1	1	1
eSAJZ6tKFKUK7ajJK86-Cg	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	ps8ias_o1l98978Y4hAzJA	4	Despite the near-inaccessibility of this In-N-Out location, you'll still find it packed to the gills with tourists looking to find out what's so special about this burger joint.  -  - I don't have to tell you it's worth it. -  - Because of this location's proximity to the Strip you'll be hard pressed to avoid a longish wait time and find a place to sit. Wait it out and you'll be rewarded with a tasty burger (and fries and a milkshake... you ordered all of those, right?). It might be one of the better hangover cures you'll experience in Vegas.	2009-03-24	9	3	6
n8B0G3PhLxABQDDn0ZCz6A	HXATHtS6NpV7UrOVZZ4PGw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Out of all the F&Es across the Vegas Valley this has to be one of the two stores that will be closing. NOT COOL!  -  - But who are we kidding. Ever since they shortened the hours of operation times of this location, it was inevitable this store wouldn't last.  -  - Employees here are great, friendly, helped me packed my groceries if they were available.  Always had a positive attitude, even now that this store is closing, they are sticking it out till the end, which is till this Friday. I wish them well. Will miss store #415 and my quick short trips just to get my watermelons...sigh.	2013-09-18	3	0	2
oh7KD4f3_Xv8pvUGrMMGEA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	qLzeppJDB98ndF0C5Jfubw	5	Im always bringing everyone here!! I love it so much I highly recommend rainbow roll and crunchy rolls - Happy hour is a great time to try new things and great deals - They have more than just sushi	2014-03-24	0	0	0
52evUABO9PEqOgFzgPjdBQ	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	2	As I write this review, I am nauseous just thinking about the after-effects of my Lotus of Siam experience.  -  - FOOD POISONING. -  - I went here on Friday night (1/15/10), my last night in Vegas after living here for 10 weeks for work. It was supposed to be legendary, and in some ways, I guess it was.  -  - I had the Panang curry with chicken. In all truth, it was quite delicious. Without the sickness that would follow the next 24 hours, this would be 4 stars. My stomach has only now recovered enough to allow me to write a review without feeling like I am going throw up again.  -  - I was with three other people, nobody else got sick. But this was all I had to eat that night, my previous meal was at Top of the World at Stratosphere for lunch, and was 7 hours before LOS, and my only drink of the night was the Thai beer I had with my meal, so I think it is safe to assume that the food here caused the illness.  -  - So there you go, food poisoning. Delicious food, but you might end up paying dearly for it later.	2010-01-17	0	0	0
xivNic3WZ-SpzLr-kD1piQ	KCKq8rwYSaVFHP8w694TAQ	7qirJ4QsEyufs6Uznk2zeA	3	Checkout girl not trained well. Clerks tried to help, but lacked some knowledge. Overall nice folks giving their best.	2013-01-06	0	0	0
OPYXPi6YX2gyNMWQrC3CGA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w	4	Where oh where would I be without the amazing world of YelpI  After seeing all of the great reviews we decided to check this place out with the kiddos in tow.  Loved everything about it - the menu, the decor and especially the happy hour deals.   Starting with the drinks, we enjoyed the sangria, the negro modelo on draft and fresh watermelon juice for the kids.  Many (possibly all) of their ingredients are from local vendors and therefore very fresh.  We had the shrimp ceviche appetizer and various tacos - halibut, shrimp, pork and beef.  The kids had something called a chicharron which is like a huge letter-paper size chip made of cheese.  They had a good time eating it as well as cheese quesadillas off of the sides menu.  It was a little far for us, but this is a great place to meet folks and do happy hour.	2010-06-29	1	1	1
nNNjZo1MLMW4MAQVg8vX0A	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	3	We had this buffet xmas eve and xmas day.  We arrived at 4:30pm on xmas eve and it was already a 1.5hr wait.  I wasn't feeling so great and I didn't feel like waiting in line, so we paid an extra 15.00 a person to skip the line.  That also came with a drink  ( which we never got, never offered to us), and a 10% off the following day.   We still had to wait for 15 min to get seated after we paid.  I was expecting something more elaborate for a 50.00 price tag.  The sushi and sashimi stations were lacking.  The cold crabs legs were very salt soaked and mushy.  The best things were the grilled meats although the turkey sausage was horrible.  So dry.  The fried turkey was great as where the mashed and sweet potatoes.  The breads were nothing to write home about.  The desserts were terrible.  The cookies were tasteless.  The best dessert was the gelato.  I seriously was not impressed by the desert at all.  The madelaains were heavy and dense.  So were some of the cakes.  -  - We had some breakfast type foods on Xmas day and we didn't have to wait in line at all.  There is just nothing that really stands out as being fabulous on either day.  Sorry, I still like Bellagios a lot more.	2012-12-27	0	0	1
iMPBsIjNZMVPRkaOY9--0w	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	There are tons of places to shop on the strip and Fashion Show is one that offers a good variety of stores and places to eat.  The only real down side that I can think of is the distance that it is from the main portion of the strip itself.  If you are up for a bit of a walk this is definitely a good place to check out for shopping.  They have some of the more main stream shops you may be used to seeing in your local mall, but also offer other great shops you may not want to miss out on (ex. Top Shop).   -  - The food court here has a variety of options for pretty much anyone in your group - and of course this would be a much cheaper option than a fair amount of the restaurants throughout the strip.  Maybe do lunch here, and do a fancier dinner elsewhere! -  - Overall: B+ - Definitely an "A-OK" place to shop on the strip.	2013-12-31	0	0	1
cAs525mQyW8YnqyzVezz-Q	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	4	Best buffet in Las Vegas? If I was going to pay $51.99 for dinner, then it better be! -  - We checked in at a kiosk when we arrived. At the kiosk, you enter the number of people in your party and a phone number. It tells you the estimated time it'll take to get a table and you'll receive a text informing you when to return rather than staying in line the whole time. After some hassle I'd rather not get into, we finally got seated. The interior was decorated nicely and is divided into three dining rooms- glass, wood, and steel.  -  - All of us headed to the seafood section first. It had shrimp, oysters, and most importantly snow crab legs. I loved how they were cut down the middle lengthwise. It made it easy to pick the meat out. If not, I wouldn't have bothered eating crab- too much work. They have heated snow crab in the Italian section as well. -  - There were a variety of stations besides seafood including: Chinese, Japanese, American, Italian, Mexican, meat carving, charcuterie and cheese, etc.  A few of those stations were located in the back room. There is a whole separate section devoted to desserts too. The desserts were hit or miss. I loved the green tea crme brulee, while I didn't like the texture of the overly sweet macarons. There are made-to order crepes too.  -  - I didn't try everything I wanted to. I should've mapped out a better strategy. In the end, I felt like I could've eaten much more than I did. I was full, but not $51.99 full.	2014-07-09	2	2	4
3uJ8y6SDqOnOvfcxpcPoWg	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	xfEYvPjYPvmnUZMqveO-nw	5	I am such a fan of this happy hour that I am almost reluctant to leave a review. It is hard enough to find a seat at the bar. If you are not there by 5:00 you will be waiting. An excellent menu at any time, the HH discounts make it especially good. And they offer a good Pinot by the glass, so you can properly compliment your entree. I should also mention that there is a piano player. Live entertainment is always a bonus.	2014-05-22	0	0	0
FhEnZMrTRZOXCz6ZfzrlTw	mlgD0zcqkWdGBzX97NS-8g	dlW-2n1W1i86ihqF3-0cVw	1	Though R Salon seemed to be a good spot for the alternative crowd, my experience was not a good one.  I like a classic hairstyle-sleek, smooth, with good/even layers.  My style is the fairly common, very classic and chic graduated hairstyle where it is shorter in the back and a bit longer in the front.  If you are looking for a hairstyle like this DO NOT GO TO R SALON!  I was hoping to escape the pricey Scottsdale salon prices, but after my experience I will gladly part with the $60 bucks.  My hairstyle/cut cost $40 and I was sorely disappointed.   -  - I will say that the staff seemed very nice and I think for the right customer, they would do a good job, just not for me!	2011-02-12	0	0	0
LKMqFYfYnSdPn4tvYFyXPA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	4gQTl-I7d-K6UZsllGf9pA	4	It sure helps making reservations on a Sunday night for a big group.  With 11 of us for dinner, the wait to get us all out on the patio was about 10 minutes.  We would have probably been seated right away at our 9:30 reservation time if we wanted to eat inside.  But why would you?  It was a lovely November night, a little chilly, but clear, and there are plenty of heaters on the patio.  We watched several rounds of the Bellagio fountains across the street, and had a great dinner. -  - If you are worried about it being a "French Place," don't worry, it really is not. They have a variety of pounded steaks (the waiter made several points on this), but they also have some nice, thick traditional cuts.  I had the 22 ounce bone-in rib eye, one of my favorite cuts.  It was quite a hunk of meat, but it was very flavorful and perfectly cooked at my requested medium rare. -  - The wince list is a little pricey, some options in the mid $30s would be nice, but we had a couple of the less expensive Bordeauxs and really enjoyed the meal.  Most of us had starters, and the bread is excellent, as are the pom frittes (that's french fries) that come with the steaks.  An excellent meal, with a great view and good service.	2010-11-17	0	0	0
NnIsuyRfeFbwQ3jMJUh7rw	PCGQnghGB0btxBaU6D70bA	fB23WZYdsMmMqRYpx8n6wQ	5	I absolutely love going to see Dr. Carr and his wonderful staff. Dr. Carr is a perfectionist and I always know I'm in good hands. Beverly and Nancy worked very hard to help me out with an insurance issue and they resolved it seamlessly. I've never been happier with a dentist.	2013-11-01	0	0	0
L8ELf-Dv3DbD-_7KgpN7sQ	6vKgpermKi8PNDYD5mkpKQ	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	This place is awesome! They have just about everything and everyone imaginable in music...and if they don't, they can special-order it for you! This store is nice and everything is open and spread out with plenty of room to walk around and check out music, books, collectibles, and much more! The employees are  really friendly and easy to talk to. This is in a pretty good location as well and easy to gt in and out of, although the parking lot is a bit odd.  -  - Next time you're in search of music, I recommend you checking out Zia.	2013-07-12	0	0	1
A0B0Ov7AWYhR2uESNo-TRQ	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	E679YrWlyTpvkOBDhAssIg	4	Their egg sandwich is amazing. So is the bread. I just love this place.	2013-03-08	0	0	0
t32SMHzvWBTpLrDRZMLhxQ	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	7qHeiucJ_Rlwb72jZ9npow	3	Midnight menu is great for it's price. Half the staff looks miserable every time I come in to eat, especially the cashiers. They never smile and they always have a snobby attitude. Other than that, this place is great to grab cheap good quality food, (except for the steak on the midnight menu).	2013-01-19	0	0	0
viox8cMORp5dOmOwMbUZCQ	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	tJmC5cM1W9vDwC9AggLXuA	5	KoMex is so delicious my mouth is watering thinking about it.	2013-07-05	0	0	0
4UDqYGYP4AXf5XienSACfQ	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	7zfbj9zWX8OwL6QlNfs6pw	5	I am biased.  I love this place.  I love the atmosphere and the service.  The wait staff is great.  My glass in never empty and the chips keep coming.   - It is priced a little high...but well worth it to me.  The quality of the food is great and the Carne Asada is a favorite. - The El Capitan Torta is amazing.  I can eat about 6 of them without blinking. - That's why I'm fat.	2014-02-09	0	1	0
Xh_T_ezzFGgCXAc3uPfb-A	OXJZlVOYZwyrf5cHLmfStw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	I visit a Michael's store no less than every other week since I adore DIY and crafts.  I prefer Michael's pricing and options over Joann's as a general rule.  This particular location has ups and downs.   -  - Pros: - Great selection of items - Good, clean clearance section (one time it was a touch disheveled, but on the whole it's clean) - Always good deals running - Mobile app always has coupons running -  - Cons: - Staff wasn't friendly when asked for help around the store (got huffed at and an eye roll when I asked if they had shoe clip blanks by the MANAGER - bummer, usually staff is nice at other locations) - Some pricing can be hard to locate - a few of their displays place the hanging products directly in front of the price tag, so you would have to remove all items on that hanger to see the price in the back (mostly in bead section) -  - Had to knock two stars for the rude service and one star for the lack of pricing availability (certainly wasn't asking that same MANAGER) - but the cashier was super sweet, so that really helped bring this place back up a star, so kudos to her.  Next time I'll ask front end staff where things are and not the manager.	2013-08-13	0	0	1
Z6pWwadesL0rHxiArMnDPg	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	5	Gambling is my addiction.  Vegas is my addiction.  Running is my addiction.  But this place...this is my everything.   -  - I think this is the reason I keep coming back every couple months.  Not for gambling.  Not for drinking.  Not for running.  Not to see friends.  Maybe not even to see my parents.  I think it's because of the double-double meal.  And an extra fries animal style on top of that.  And possibly my parent's fries that they don't finish (sometimes i tend to overeat =)). -  - I've been coming to this place for years and not once has it failed.  The week before i arrive my mom always calls and asks if i want to go to In-n-Out after I land.  Though this time i waited since i was running the half marathon on sunday, i wanted to make sure when i ate there it was THAT much better.  I dig their chocolate shake too, and not the wiener's circle kind. -  - I think proximity factors into my rating, as i seriously crave this stuff when i'm in chicago.  Sometimes i lick my in-n-out sticker hoping the burger smell/taste is still there.  Oops did i just say that?  Let's ignore the last statement.  Also, they just opened an In-n-Out about 3 minutes from my parent's house, so this relationship may have competition.  Well, there's always room for 3. -  - See you again in two weeks!	2008-12-10	10	14	11
zD7B4M2VbOR4V5puiN2IWg	CXHnDc0-HW6pqgbs6fhj7g	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	3	This was one of eight or nine Michaels Stores we went to in the greater Phoenix area today. This was a little on the smaller side and less clean than most of the Michaels we go to.  We were searching for a particular type of scrapbooking paper that my wife uses in her paper crafting. As with the other locations, we really didn't find any. They all seem to be out of stock of this particular paper. In addition, the paper section needed some straightening. There were lots of pages in the wrong spot, and the paper we were looking for had the slots filled with different colored papers. That may be why the stock ran out and was overlooked.	2014-06-18	0	0	0
HltrhDdsJHUmU43yE5MyDQ	moRg50uN6-cX9DGeJODd2A	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Pretty standard Big Lots as far as offerings, however, they are a large location so they have lots of aisles to meander and they are well organized compared to some of the other locations throughout Phoenix.   -  - We were greeted by a cashier on our way in and asked if we needed help by another staff member we passed on our way down an aisle. They didn't have the trial sized item we were looking for so we ended up not making a purchase here, but it's for sure a location we'd go back to - especially since it's right next to the mall. -  - Overall: A - Clean, well organized and lots of options.	2014-03-10	1	1	2
697i--mCJ3qFV4JjP9CQew	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	_bRsm8AkkzWV2uDYAYoYNg	5	If I could give this place more than just five stars I would. I don't live in Vegas but every time I'm in town this place is a must and I don't mean on just one day/night. I mean on a couple, if not several times while in town. Stop searching for a good sushi spot and go to Yama! Off the charts amazing. AYCE top notch sushi for $22! Not a limited menu either, their ENTIRE menu is offered- apps, sushi, sashimi, dessert! Oh, except for your drink of choice... Unless you like water from Lake Mead w/ a side of lemon if you're feeling fancy, then that is free.  -  - Some inside info & tips:  - -They do not take reservations and the secret is out for this gem, so expect a long wait.  - - After the waitress thinks you've had enough food, you'll notice she'll start to disappear.. Just learn her name and then she'll have to respond!  - - Make sure you double check your bill. On a couple of occasions my bill has been incorrect.  - - This place is VERY small and kinda crammed- Not very good for kids.  - - You cannot go wrong for any of their specialty rolls- all are amazing!!  - - DON'T leave without trying the Seafood Salad!!!!!!!!	2014-06-01	1	1	1
4hgMn4EwB6DMWrU9-ZB91g	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	0-z6l96YMPz9M6BCs-VLnw	2	We went for breakfast and it was okay, edible I suppose. Especially considering we were up all night partying. Everything we got was cold, especially the eggs. I did like they had different breakfast sauasages. We got the $32 pass to eat here and at excalibur buffet all day. Great deal even if you only going to eat there 2 times that day.	2012-05-01	0	0	0
uSjuOVbZN7YAYdGl63yuWw	9VNJm4tGjxy88iqH0pXJxQ	IlVP2CHI0NMkuEi76TynTQ	5	Jay is the best hair stylist I've ever hard. His coloring is unbelievable. I went from black to light brown in just 1 visit, he's kind & listens to exactly what u want!!	2013-03-09	0	0	0
f4tLFzFvXV-nQA7jEWjh6A	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	iLEwkdjDMho7xv9bgQq13w	3	After partying at marquee day club, all my friends and i were still ridiculously drunk, but hungry. We stumbled across Holsteins which was conveniently right across for the Marquee entrance on the 2nd floor. -  - Didn't go for the signature spiked shakes, because more alcohol in the system would have been a bad idea, so we stuck with the food. -  - got the burgers, sweet potato fries, and lobster mac&cheese. -  - ALL. BOMB. The patties were cooked perfectly medium rare.. and I fell in love with the lobster mac & cheese..there's actually a lot of lobster in the tiny dish. -  - -1 star only because of its price tag! (the food is really goood). - But then again, its vegas. Spending maybe $25 on lunch is expensive, but think about all the $$ you spend on alcohol!	2011-09-28	0	0	0
MGTE1g6GaK_8Q5wyHBvZkQ	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	BMO1gWhuqtkkmH_X1sNxpg	2	Great decor, cool vibe, but my first visit ended up with a poor macchiato. A little light on the foam and grounds - yes grounds - in the cup. I really wanted to like it since I had heard great things, but that's a pretty bad gaffe. I'm hoping I just caught them on a bad night so I might try them again when I'm in the area.	2010-08-07	0	0	0
CNxctsztsIG7FgFFA3B9YQ	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	My husband and I came here a few years ago, and decided to try it again to see if it was as good as we remembered. Verdict? It was even better! This is one of Bobby Flay's restaurants located inside Caesar's Palace, and man, he puts some awesome dishes on the menu! -  - For all you carb fans, the bread basket here is fantastic! It's filled with jalapeo sourdough, cornbread muffins, and raisin bread. Many of the appetizers looked good, but after seeing the portions of other entres coming out, my husband and I thought we would try to save any extra room we had for dessert instead.  -  - The last time I came here, I ordered the cornmeal encrusted chili relleno, and though it was excellent (and the prettiest chili relleno I ever saw on a plate), I wanted to try something new this time. I opted for the mango spice encrusted tuna steak served on a bed of couscous with mango chunks and pine nuts. Holy deliciousness, Batman! The flavors of this dish just explode in your mouth! -  - My husband ordered a veal chop, which was equivalent to the size of his head. No joke... check the pictures I posted. It came with a side of blue cheese smashed tamale, which was both interesting and tasty. -  - What little room we saved for dessert, we decided to go with something seasonal... pumpkin! So we ordered a pumpkin tartlet topped with a scoop of pumpkin ice cream and a dulce de leche sauce. We were both happy we saved room for that. :) -  - I would not hesitate to come here a third time after two wonderful dining experiences. Thanks, Bobby!	2013-12-14	2	0	3
SFqE00M9jB7yOrRXwNsaiQ	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	GO FOR THE BREAKFAST!!!! You can't go wrong with the $15.00 breakfast price. The boyfriend and I ate here Tuesday morning around 10:00am and there was NO wait to get in. Who wants to wait in a line for 30-60 minutes...just for a meal...not me...I'm on vacation and I want to enjoy it...not spend it waiting in line.  -  - As a matter of fact in our four day trip we NEVER saw a line to get into this buffet, morning noon or night! So if you are in a rush you could come here and fill up and be on your way.  -  - The breakfast was really good...and had all your normal breakfast goodies. The only thing that was missing was that they didn't have any hash browns. I was disappointed about that but oh well. They had deserts out already and they were really good.  -  - If you are looking for fine dining then go to the expensive restaurants that charge $150 per meal (and in this hotel there are plenty of those) but if you want an average meal at an average price I think you'll be happy with what this buffet has to offer.	2010-03-07	0	0	0
J9J9-4jZbqOJhfisXmGKtQ	J-FcHI69k_MpSKjwkDURuw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Went again for a massage and a facial (I had a free babysitter...why the heck not?). I ordered up the Youth Defense Facial and a deep tissue massage (I was sore from working out...see my reviews of Fitness 19).  -  - Let's start with walking in. I was greeted by Jenny and Nicole...both extremely pleasant and very professional. They called me Ms. (insert my last name here). I requested that they call me Lara and that Ms. (insert my last name here) was my ex mother-in-law. They laughed and felt at ease when they knew I wasn't formal or snobby. Next it was time to meet Rita and Rachel, the spa hostesses with mostesses. Super cool girls and very efficient...my hat's off to Rachel for doing what she did 8 months pregnant...you go girl.  -  - Melanie took care of my facial and you would have thought we were best friends since birth. We hugged and gabbed the entire 80 minute facial (which is like heaven...the mask they use feels like fondant...so fun). She is such a cool chick, so down to earth and great at skin care. Definitely request her if you think about it...you will not be sorry. -  - Tracy took care of my massage again...she's so amazing. She knew all the places that I needed work...it was painful at times but she needed to go hard to get all the knots out of my back (i'm a knotted mess from working out, working and having two kids). I felt amazing when all was said and done. Sasha worked on my friend and she was hilarious. My friend said her hands were awesome.  -  - Overall this is one of the best spas in Vegas. Kate, the manager, is awesome along with Jenny, Nicole, Melanie, Tracy, Brandon (male spa host and hilarious...we had a good laugh over interesting customers we meet in the service industry), and Sasha. I feel like we have a cool kids clubhouse thing going on. Can't wait to see you guys again for mother's day. To the owners and managers at the M Resort....your spa staff is amazing and such an asset to you guys. Keep up the awesome work!	2011-03-12	2	0	1
35HMSoeiO_WmBemgtRJr5A	7P9XY8EoBr-Ksoh3Xtq0Xg	j1UagK_zBh0O5ITmcQFsvQ	5	I love the way they do nails...	2012-07-01	0	0	0
MQnw793o7n1Ik_9yHMFVKQ	0_5w-MEtHerOiXf7rki08A	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Came to this ER facility recently to be seen for an allergic reaction. While filling out paperwork receptionist was able to evaluate right away I needed immediate attention because she called the nurse and I was in triage area within 10 minutes of arriving. -  - flashback 12hrs : Had dinner with Momo B and his wife, both insisted I need to see a dr. right way because I looked "AWFUL" "like a puffer fish". I felt fine, didn't know what the big deal was. Later that night both Mr. B and daughter said I needed to see a doctor. What? I felt fine and didn't think it was serious. Picture the scene from the movie 'Hitch' ..that scene played me to a T. http://klipd.com/watch/hitch/allergic-reaction-allergy-scene -  - Fast Forward to ER : Triage nurse took my vitals and dr. (I forget his name sorry) popped in and asked me a few questions, got treated, was able breath better and given treatment plan for the week. Finished filling out paperwork and was released. Two hours tops I was there. -   - The staff here was professional. Front office organized. The facility clean. I thought the nurses were pretty efficient with all the patients including a 5150 they were dealing with. I even got a phone call the next morning from staff following up on my visit and asking if I had any questions or concerns. -  - My only gripe was the parking lot. Not enough parking spaces near ER entrance and at night it's not well lit. Other than that I have confidence getting treated here if I need to be seen again.	2013-11-22	3	4	4
6ySaIDo21SAlTlh_iPuPCg	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	cacLZHo_aIneTfi0AyhHnw	2	Meh, No prime rib, no olive selection, and no fruit selection except for fruits in a cup.  I've had better food selection elsewhere.	2013-09-03	0	0	0
1RCPCN6AZIYjFHzxj9vHAw	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	Mu_zyyQ36oEoQg4AT-yFUg	3	As most have already mentioned, this good is perfect for hangovers. If you get this sober however, you might be a bit disappointed.  -  - The perks of Pho Kim Long is that it is 24 hours. The staff is friendly. The food is also cooked and ready within minutes. The best time to come is early afternoon. No wait :)	2014-06-25	0	0	0
NfqZYhKXtVbvAOVLNHfDnQ	blbv5orsmJ_u8v_51CXBgQ	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	aka Green is an eco-building dream. It's also a fun and accessible place to browse.  -  - They have all kinds of goodies here: Yolo and other low-VOC paints, kirei board (google it, you have to see the pictures), marmoleum and other cool flooring, compact CFL bulbs, and a boatload of cleaning and stripping products. If you've ever used Jasco to strip something and wandered around in a daze for two weeks, this is the place for you.  -  - The owners and staff know what they're doing and are extremely helpful. Green products often require shifts in perspective and technique. I've always found the people here to be honest about the positives and challenges in working with materials (like pressed sorghum boards) that weren't readily available until a few years ago.  -  - Tip: aka green is heavily involved in community events. Check the calendar at akagreen.com .  -  - Four stars for innovative products, 1/2 star for above-and-beyond dialogue, and 1/2 star for thoughtful activism.	2008-07-15	7	1	8
VrKV5X8uCNl-YBg7qkyh_A	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	gNusP9Wi9fjboevuG4Yo7w	2	I would NOT recommend this restaurant. It is pricey and it is meh. I was there with 6 other girls so we tried a variety of plates. The only plate that was really really good were the pork buns. We had to send back the noodle palate with ground pork, the sauce was just too thick and too strong, it was like eating barbecue sauce with a spoon.  The restaurant wasn't terrible but just okay and bad plates are not acceptable when you are paying $50 per person (without alcohol).  -  - There are many other good places to eat in Las Vegas and in the Cosmopolitan. Avoid China Poblano.	2012-11-06	0	0	1
RZ4EqdXq4dRrMaaIbYznPg	2LTB3GUdb_4UXGPO-VGM2Q	HLmyOyTyDMYSvt2R_jCVcQ	5	My experience was a cut and color with Stephanie.  It was phenomenal!  This was the best color I've had in a decade - I do red and it's hard to get it right.  She took the time to show me different mixtures and make multiple suggestions.  My hair was healthy and vibrant after the fact.  - The cut was amazing too.  - I wouldn't go to anyone else.	2013-12-07	0	0	1
JrJVbo6Z-kwfWqcSGvX8pQ	AnilW4ktTrtOfNFLlf6BnQ	Uz7KmdC7YDkWPNQUrGy4pg	1	Nope. Not worth it.	2013-04-09	1	1	1
67R_5eIdModY1zx3kVN1Dg	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	CeRZ7M2zFkYP0V_xffL3ew	3	What can I say it's The House of Blues, if you've seen one you've seen them all. mostly standing room unless you pay for bottle service or the balcony is open. Good sound I have no complaints.	2013-01-04	1	0	0
kOmawFkKajhWv2TiorBSjw	34daJSPwbBzn0CKx5VDIxA	IlVP2CHI0NMkuEi76TynTQ	5	Best wax experience from Taylor!	2013-03-09	0	0	0
bQuscTKL1uqDUhIErBiZAw	3MmHmJXr8Ltk_Z5EGE4KUw	nSvEDAiYKscY3gqNFvprmA	5	Me and my sweetie went to Carnevino for our anniversary because we like a good steak and Mario is one of my favorite celebrity chefs. We were delighted with the experience. We were greeted by the staff who wished us a happy anniversary and seated us right on time for our reservation.  - We had calamari and mozzarella for appetizers which were great. The mozzarella was salty sweet and perfectly prepared, the bone in rib-eye for 2 was amazing it had a beautiful crust to it but was perfectly medium rare on the inside.  - I asked our server to pick a glass of red wine to go with the steak for me, instead of just giving me the most expensive red they had he gave me a moderately priced red that complemented the steak perfectly.  - The staff went out of their way to make this occasion special for us, each server who helped us wished us a happy anniversary and the fruit tart we had for desert had happy anniversary written across the top of the plate.  - This was easily the best anniversary dinner we've had, and simply one of the best meals we've had in the 8 years we've been together. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to celebrate something or just looking for a really great steak.	2010-04-24	0	0	0
nExZAZb9nClJmRy5l6Kpwg	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	ZoPUik9bOCA-AXXqAnXyRQ	5	How wonderful to find this place off Rainbow! -  - Chris, the owner, who is ALWAYS working, is wonderful, and makes a point to great all guests, and visit the tables to say hello and make you feel appreciated. -  - Inside decor is still being worked on, but even in mid-decoration, it's a nice atmosphere. -  - Great beer list with good prices!  Try the Pirate - $8 @ 10% with an amazing flavour - you definitely get your money's worth on that one! -  - Everything we tried there was wonderful: the Chau Chau (sp?)Chicken, the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Chili, Naan, Mango ice cream....fabulous!  And the yogurt topping is fantastic - a definite must with the spicy dishes.  Servings are well-presented, all come with superb rice, and generous portions. -  - Great service, wonderful food, and decent prices (entrees ranged from $10-13, and the lunch buffet is a steal for $10). -  - Mmmmm.....I only wish I lived closer!  OR, even better, that Chris will open up a Mint in San Diego :-)	2009-10-15	0	0	0
1gdwJzXLMZ8hud4zrUJEvw	-FCQ6tpsdpbeEJX8R_-tQQ	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	5	This spa is amazing, granted it's the only spa I have ever been to but I don't see how it can get any better! I find myself going more than I probably should, I can't wait until they offer a locals discount.  -  - Just walking through the hallway to get to the spa you feel 10x more relaxed than before you entered. The attendants greet you at the counter and give you your slippers and robe then lead you on to the locker room. It is divided between sexes so you can be completely nude if you choose. I personally wear a swimsuit but I can imagine how nice and freeing it would be to go naked.  -  - I usually start off having a beverage and relaxing for a couple minutes in the tea room which is really nice and comfortable. I definitely recommend trying the signature tea blend, it is by far the best tea I have ever had!! After I have completely let go of all of my thoughts and worries I head to the herbal steam room. I grab an ice cold towel to place over my eyes and head in. When I feel that my pores have opened up and I cannot take much more heat I head to the arctic ice room. The room is a cool 55*, there is a bowl full of ice chips that I usually rub all over to get an extra cooling sensation and close my pores. The "snow" rains down and adds a chilly vibe. I usually hop in the cedarwood sauna to warm up before heading to the roman baths.  -  - The roman baths room is just heaven!! There are three baths; warm, hot, and cold. I never thought I would be able to go in the ice cold bath but once you jump in it feels amazing. The shock that hits your body as you immerse yourself is somewhat pleasureful. I try to stay in this bath 5-10 minutes to get optimum results. I have been told this bath is great for your skin and improved circulation. There are also hot stone chairs in the room. I have fallen asleep on these wonderful chairs, they are that comfortable. You kind of have to keep an eye out because they are usually taken. Don't forget to leave your robe in the robe sauna so you can have a toasty cover up when you leave the baths.  -  - After I feel completely relaxed and refreshed I head to the luxurious four head showers in the spa. If you forgot shampoo or a toothbrush, no need to worry. The spa has almost everything you need to get ready for the night. Though I'm a local, I always take full advantage of the showers and vanity area.  -  - This spa is amazing if you need a few hours to just relax, a day pass is only $45 and they have specials on services Mon.-Thurs. I have received a massage but it was just okay. I was told to try the deep tissue massage next time I go, I plan on doing that.	2010-08-04	2	0	2
-g2f4hjpv0m0EKChptRfXw	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	edPP8Ybe4gq9vxwhI7GEcQ	5	So, we usually go to the Boca Park location... We even saw Flaver Flav there once, not sure what that means...  -  - Anyway, food at both locations is amazing.  Don't over do it with the toppings and your pizza will be legit.  I recomend Peperoni and Jalepeno, or fresh tomato and artichoke if you're a no meat person. -  - Getting to why this location gets 5 stars...  -  - We sat at the bar to catch the playoff game, and had one of the best customer service experiences ever.   -  - Tracy, the bartender, was rad!  She subtly began talking with us after she got us some beers and took our order.  Through casual conversation Tracy was able to identify what things we had in common and have genuine and engaging interaction with us.   -  - After an hour or so of beers, pizza, and great service we had to go, but I would make the trip from Summerlin again for the same experience. -  - Thanks Tracy!	2011-01-16	2	0	1
946YybwPrRX9FkJSvXxC1g	e9Bg3IaFrFz-d_lbVM-GZw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Been to this place several times now. They have added more to their inventory since this first time I've been here. The service is what makes us repeat customers.  It can be a bit intimidating for someone new as me trying to purchase a weapon. I appreciate how Grant the owner and his staff  takes the time out to instruct new gun owners how to care and use their firearms. My dumb questions didn't bother any of the staff nor was I ever rushed or passed over. Unlike another gun store t"Discount. ahem.....  Rather come here where the customers feel more welcomed and they take their time.	2013-10-18	4	1	3
oBWZIXwjEeb3Wh9UsrUhtw	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	xfEYvPjYPvmnUZMqveO-nw	5	This is one of those restaurants that is truly an original. Their dishes are unique, delicious and visually awesome. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, there are many options that make this establishment worth a special trip. Come hungry! Portions are generous.	2014-05-25	0	0	0
B-qQ1ILkmJAQXhAMktv4Bg	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	TkP8s0Z9N-r0IAk3_K_Phw	3	This is for the restaurant, and not the club: -  - Five stars for the atmosphere, 5 for the view, 5 for service, but only 2 for the food itself. -  - Riding up the secret elevator to the top floor of the Mandalay Bay was by far the highlight of this experience.  The glass elevator propels you high up to the 44th floor, where you have a panoramic view of the strip.  -  - http://images.travelpod.com/tw_slides/ta00/a62/d2e/view-from-mix-top-of-mandalay-bay-west-bristol.jpg - (I did not take this picture) -  - The Boneless Ribeye with black peppercorn was not visually appealing, but its flavor wasn't too bad.  Mix's downfall were their side dishes. The Wild Mushroom Fricasee was limp and unflavorful.  The Fork Crushed Potatoes tasted starchy and bland. And for something that they're supposed to be "famous" for, the miX Macaroni  and Cheese with Ham is to be avoided at all costs, unless you feel like shelling out $9 for Easy-Mac with chunks of Oscar Meyer ham slices. -  - Service was impeccable though.  We were in a rush after dinner, but our server insisted on complimentary dessert for our entire party.  I'd definitely return here, but merely for the view/bar/drinks.	2011-07-13	0	0	0
ckLaamc_Yv3DSpTTW9cHtQ	CElwAiXjZdYkojZw5HeSbw	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	1	The receptionist at red rock nails did my nails. She wasnt nice, all she did was answer calls while doing my nails she had to stand up and leave me and make me wait and she ruined the polish and blamed it on me. I will never have my nails done there ever again! She didnt even thank me and apologized to me for making me wait.	2014-02-14	1	2	2
EG_hGOySyvdITXr9A7_a0A	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	dJSZe52oF2PRROwhBbOTHg	5	Love this place! Dishes were unique and delicious. Very cute and clever on the presentation. I fell in love with everything. -  - **Foursquare Users: Important Tip** - If you get the Cosmoplitan VIP badge, it will grant you VIP access to Wicked Spoon meaning you will not have to wait in line. When I went there was a huge line fortunately I had the badge. There was a lot of unhappy people giving me and my friends a dirty look. LOL! -  - I had a little bit of everything, no favorites, everything was good. A pretty decent spread on the dessert table. One of the best buffets in Vegas.	2012-08-28	0	0	0
CjP5Br81MpQdPmlmD-zXXQ	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	oCvMeYROtvGBdzNDLFyh8Q	5	Winter wobbler coming soon. No, you cant get a pitcher and you cant get a growler. It knocks you on your kiester.	2014-01-30	0	0	1
onMyeaMZcA9IljRpwOSaGA	J4qLz0nGzCTMf6-kf_SiQg	od7cSY1dZAQ7cIlNUJPVww	4	Excellent! Chessecake was amazing!	2013-07-25	0	0	0
5-YFOUdtZn2MD5KIE-yzTQ	GrGHVKec258eN1_gtJwS1w	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	4	Holy bad reviews and grumpy pantses Batman! Someone got screamed at in here? Woah. -  - Well, I've never had any crazy experiences at Michaels. Their birthday bag/box/tissue paper/etc. stuff is way overpriced. But their discount selection is great. And I can always find cool stuff. I have a daughter, and we did all of her Christmas shopping here. I can always find a 40% off coupon, which makes it a perfect place for little friends' bday gifts. It's a pretty big craft store, it satisfies my crafting needs in a pinch.	2013-06-21	0	0	0
dSk6cV0BSm_-c_uwBL_sFg	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	I had been eagerly anticipating the opening of a brewhouse in my neighborhood! I wasn't able to visit them, as my job keeps me away a lot. -  - Yesterday, I finally had the opportunity, and I'm so very glad I went. -  - Amy was a fantastic server! Friendly, attentive, efficient. -  - Ordered the seven flight. - Started with the IPA. Not too hoppy, which is the biggest reason I'm not a fan of IPAs. Good balance. - Brown: Nice rich flavor, no strong aftertaste - Porter: A bit more dark and bitter than I prefer, but still tasty - Belgian: Delicious, smooth, distinctly Belgian. Very much enjoyed this. - Blonde: Eh, mostly men on this one. Not bad, just not really notable. Good basic beer for non beer lovers. - Funk: has a very strong Weiss impression, like a shandy. Very refreshing, with definite citrus, and wheat impressions. Most liked beer so far! - Hefeweizen: It's a hefe. An excellent hefe, to be sure, but I'm still impressed with the funk. This would be my winter beer, while the funk is my summer -  - Had the crab dip. VERY creamy, nice blackened top, very rich, delicious. -  - Ordered the steak sandwich, with both pepperjack, and bleu cheese. MESSY. Spicy, in a great way. The roll it's served on gets a bit too soggy, but is otherwise a great sandwich roll. - Served with a metric tonne of fries! -  - I was given a sample of their bacon jam, and let me tell you, it's fantastic! -  - The live music was pleasant as well. -  - Candy, one of the owners, came out after my meal, and spoke to me for a bit about the business, and the challenges they faced getting approval, and also about the deplorable state of pay for cooks in Arizona. -  - Candy graciously discounted my bill, which will never elicit a complaint from me!	2013-07-15	2	0	2
zed9xH0cNRioDD7-Pw7EFw	qGffC4h6UOTSkLhzjj59FQ	JOSrl0MZ1SH1LuRuWMrlcA	3	Their burrito bowls are bountiful in size! The flavors were all delicious separately but the combination I ordered wasn't entirely complimentary.  -  - Cool concept, so I'll be back again but to try something new.	2014-04-08	0	0	0
U7_AkFst7UPcRY4ctoZV9w	Xb-cp9LxwZKGBPpwz3HoiA	RqeC8jGq757SbtfY5RppQw	5	Dr. Bui and his staff are amazing to both my kids and I. Service is fast and efficient. Although it is far from where I live it is worth the drive. My kids enjoy their play rooms but, of course what kid wouldn't love playing with iPads !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	2013-08-16	0	0	0
CEyIMtJHCE5qplmb1nuA1g	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	5	Bobby Flay, you really THREW IT DOWN. -  - Amazing-foodtastic-gasmic-succulent-filling-mouthwatering-dishes that lines your tummy with happiness to fill the void of all the money you've lost gambling and to satisfy those alcoholic taste buds.  -  - I'm a Vegas Veteran...or so I like to think so... and since I've turned 21 and experienced Vegas like never before (all 10ish times since then), I've made a vow to only club at the finest of clubs and eat at the finest of places the city has to offer. Honestly, PASS on the endless buffets and make a reservation for Mesa Grill. I don't know how everybody else does it with a full on 3-course meal--appetizers, side dishes, desserts and all--but the entree alone had me STUFFED and knocked me out cold once I got back to my hotel (it could have also been the Cactus Pear margarita I got...) PORK TENDERLOIN, that is all you need to know when ordering and don't even think about second guessing yourself. It may look like 3 itty pieces of meat, but trust me, those 3 bites go a loooong way. Every single bite of the perfectly marinated piece of pork topped with bourbon and ancho chile sauce was another step closer to heaven. And yes, I ultimately reached that heaven at the end of my meal because I haven't stopped thanking the Iron Chef gods for blessing Bobby Flay with an outstanding recipe. My boyfriend's chipotle glazed rib eye was also generously served fresh out the kitchen and had grill marks that left a beautiful shine to the meat and even a better taste in my mouth! Oh, and the side of mashed potatoes we got? Freakin' delicious. Literally reminded me of buttered popcorn that's been softened and beat to goodness!  -  - Thus, save that money you might lose gambling anyways and spend it towards dinner here. The odds are, you're gonna have a winning meal! Mesa Grill. Las Vegas. Place your bets. NOW.	2010-12-23	1	1	1
RHCpgpKjio0FqAra9OCE8A	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	aAnfQmoeM0fu8MYqrXln2w	1	This place is terrible. When u order the Moscow mule they make u turn ur drivers license in. They lost my drivers license and the manager basically told me sorry and kicked me out. Yes. He actually told me to leave. So i got the police involved who actually were very friendly and helpful. I guess One of the bartenders gave another guy my Id who looks nothing like me. The manager was a total d-bag and has the worst customer service skills possible. Not just will I never step foot in that dump again but I hope it closes down in the near future. If I could leave negative stars I would.	2013-02-17	1	3	5
f2Y6yb9Bp4PzC1g97k3f-g	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	ZoPUik9bOCA-AXXqAnXyRQ	4	Great find!  -  - We were hoping to hit up Firefly in the same center, but @ 9pm on a Saturday evening without reservations, it was 1 1/2 hour wait for a table of 4 and we had later plans to get to.  -  - Now what? Check Yelp!  -  - We did, and this place looked like a good shot.  -  - Our server told us it was 50% Thai, 30% Malaysian and 20% Chinese (yes, I can do the math :-) We had a selection of lamb curry, bbq pork, spicy beef satay and the basil chicken, along with every type of rice (jasmine, brown, coconut - coconut being my fave). All dishes were exactly the spice level we ordered - go for a 9! The flavours were vibrant and plentiful - great to sweat that 110 degree weather out :-)  -  - Service was very kind and the best thing about this cuisine is the wait time for dinner = nearly 0. Perfect!  -  - Ok, so the ambiance isn't your typical "Vegas"; rather subdued (they really do need to throw in a bit of music in the background or something). But it was nice to be in there, they have air conditioning, Singha, good food and great prices.  -  - We left full and happy :-)	2011-08-30	1	0	0
3_yz_fsj-zXKthEdZf0YBQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	vq_sxdDkCUNzGHJIoZAX8Q	5	Im from California and I've never been a fan of the thin pizzas. But after having a slice of this heavenly goodness, i am obsessed with thin pizza. It definitely isn't filling but it is a must try and quick meal to have before drinking or going out. Its big enough to enjoy but small enough to keep u from getting bloated	2014-03-16	0	0	0
dXCEgZ8O7hLYquVRRaDDmg	DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	1	I defy anyone to find a civil, knowledgeable human being who works in this place. I'd rather be stuck in Newark Airport than shop here.	2006-09-09	0	6	0
q3qdvs9trIdwpvt4nPzCow	beOfWs3b1SrPORBit9Lu_g	xTxoKlOIZaNoeCXbnUZTvA	4	My favorite stylist, Loris, ("Lo-reece") moved to Salon Embellish the first of the year, so of course I followed her.  Salon Embellish just opened in January.  It is very modern, with walls painted espresso and green.  It is light and airy, very pleasant.  In addition to full salon services, they offer facials and massages.  The staff I encountered seemed very pleasant.   -  - But Loris - she rocks.  She is an amazing colorist, and gives great cut.  She listens, and colored my hair the way I asked when no one else would.  I would follow her to the ends of the earth!	2009-02-05	1	0	1
eBwZGaMTySjo4I6pSZN5WQ	MqDha_bLVNqYShMzJtxvlg	zjLikecni9dhh-8vWh0rnQ	5	My fianc always wants me to give her massages for her back pain, but I am really no good at it. We went to Dr. Stang to see if she could help with the on going back problems. My fianc has not had back pain for weeks. We highly recommend Dr. Stang. Honest, very informative, and never rushes to the next patient. Top notch care that is hard to find nowadays. Thank YOU!!!!!!	2013-10-27	0	0	0
XdUBW4HhOQpsm4CkpZSHiw	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	jb9JTKuVw4GvrBQtAU7CQQ	4	Ate at Yama sushi today. They were wonderful in accommodating our large party. I had their lunch AYCE. It was a little pricey for lunch, but they had sashimi (Seafood salad). It came with pieces of tuna, salmon, hamachi, and octopus + sauce on the side. Their rolls were pretty good. A little too saucey for my taste. Their "No Name" roll was good as well as the Man Whore and One Minute Man.  -  - I would definitely eat there again. It gets a little busy around noon so I would suggest going after 1 for lunch.	2011-06-24	0	0	1
Gsr1sMcl4ce0lPYzIRAflA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	dB7-x4PxV7V1NfKajY4itA	5	Like this place a lot -  - Come with my bf and fam a lot.  We try the shrimp fry rice and all. So authentic !	2013-06-24	0	0	0
eZO8BB7BPQlKMA75jJmYQA	ToSm1CIH3xgaedt63f3FCQ	IrH6sQrwQ14MgC3sWmycFg	5	This is an amazing place! Very clean, very friendly. They do an amazing job, awesome pedicure and manicure, they take their time and get the job done. Definitely recommend this place. Finally found a good manicure and pedicure spa!	2014-04-10	0	0	1
ZreJ-SDFU1Ph52UPOoT4yw	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	Bachi Burger is a little drive from the strip, head towards Henderson. It's not too far but if you don't have a car or don't like to drive out of Vegas, then you're potentially missing out on an awesome meal. Even though this restaurant is away from all the city lights and sounds, it's still pretty well known as it should be. It seemed like a good amount of their customers were locals. Random out of towners like us would pop up probably either by word of mouth or Yelp of course. We arrived around 1-2 pm and had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. The interior is clean, nothing fancy, simple designs and decorations, but the food is another story. -  - Service was quite on point. Our waitress was cheery but not overly fake-friendly. She returned numerous of times to check up on us and to make sure our drinks never dipped below half way. Even the manager(s) swung by to ask how everything was. All that was missing was for the chef to come out and greet us which I didn't expect would happen anyways.  -  - Bachi Burger seems like they're a mix combination of Japanese and Korean entwined with a fusion/gourmet twist. I saw both cultures' ingredients on the menu. To start we ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - with garlic aioli and a fried egg ($11.50). If you haven't figured it out by now, we Asians love to put a fried egg on everything: rice, noodles, burgers, and apparently now chili cheese fries. Forget house fries; order yourself one of these bad boys. You can easily share it between four people but if you're like the Craig R. who orders EIGHT items for two people, then this may not be sufficient. Check what he ordered in his review. The colossal mix was addicting and the skinny fries are a perfect blend. Then again, I'm biased against fat fries. When the server attempted to take the dish away to make room for our main entrees, I caught myself snarling at her because I wanted to eat the remaining four pieces.  -  - I was seriously stuck in between two places when it came to ordering my burger. Either Kiki's Burger ($9.5) - Angus beef, sauted shiitake, enoki & eryngi mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aioli (doesn't it all sound heavenly) or the Kalbi Burger ($9) - Angus beef, kalbi marinade, green onions, house made kimchi, ko chu jang mayo. The Kalbi Burger won this time, only because Gooch who recommended this place to me told me to try it. Although I have full confidence in the Kiki's Burger, my Kalbi Burger was instant gratification. The mixed blend of Angus and kalbi sauce with the kimchi made me feel like I was eating at a Korean BBQ joint. To knock it out of the park for a grand slam, they should've or maybe I should've asked for them to throw a fried egg in it even though that might have be a little over kill. You can't go wrong with this burger. However, if I was to return I'd like to try Kiki's Burger to compare the two. -  - I got to sample the Spicy Miso Burger and all I have to say about that is that it's not spicy at all. Also, my Kalbi Burger already had the knock out 1-2 punch so it would be unfair to say that this miso burger was mediocre. At that point, I was already mesmerized with my order. -  - If you have a car or willing to travel a little out of the Strip, then venture off to Bachi Burger for an appetizing meal. They do close late on the weekends: 2 am, so you have plenty of time to plan your visit. The prices are reasonable, the food is sick (& great presentation), and the service is superb. -  - Good looking out Gooch Y. for recommending this spot!	2012-03-08	3	3	4
ntE7XevYHLUkYvG3GLoiSg	nxflzDedizEvyvxqhz1ghw	QxttPPZH6JLB9BmAWl0piQ	4	Why am I reviewing a Wal-Mart?  Because I can, b*itch!  Haha... but seriously...  -  - This specific Wal-Mart location cannot be beat.  We have a timeshare in Vegas and wanted to do some cooking and pre-partying at the hotel. It's a ginormous location, one of those with almost everything you could possibly need - a super store.  And surprisingly, it's quite spacious.  Never did we feel cramped or dirty (you know what I mean..!)  We spent most of our time in the food and liquor section (go figure).  Good selection of grocery items and decent variety of alcohol.  Customer service was good, and security was on point!  They had pulled some people quite swiftly into the backroom for questioning.  Yowzah.  There's also a Red Box inside the store, which we found convenient.   -  - So, why only 4 stars..?  Why is there one star dangling..?  Because.. it's Wal-Mart..	2010-08-08	2	2	2
XA1ZfKyC2dl5yhTWFL8ChA	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	HwYpe3tVcuPBkXFSuOe43A	4	This could've been a 5 star experience, but the pricey, but not potent drinks brought it down. Don't get me wrong- the mojitos were okay, but this is a Miami girl you're talking to, so bring on the rum! - The salmon burger and the pork-n-shrimp burger were absolutely delicious-great alternatives to your usual burger. - The Tex Mex looked pretty yummy but was too messy for me to try. I loved the waffle fries and asked for a side of Sriracha mayo to dip them in- talk about spicy, yummy, goodness!  - There's no room for anything else now, but I will have to come back for an adult milkshake later! They look fantastically indulgent - perfect for a warm Vegas day!	2010-07-28	0	0	0
6uL4r3gwMMLDfV22JqQGTg	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	jYBqqRCpQLhAOCJ_HvBq7g	3	I was actually quite disapointed. My alcoholic beverage had way too much liquor (yes this is possible), and I felt like my dog was overcooked and sloppily made. Idk, maybe it's just me. I'll try the location in LA next time and see how I feel!	2010-10-28	0	0	0
nYej1BgUvyMa_wIPEZtTZg	9VqoZVN8iqf5UsMIwQkgDA	8Qnty77Wt99stB8YO6d0lA	5	I was in Phoenix for the weekend and got a massage from John.  It was one of the best massages I've ever had.  He was very professional, yet personable.  His studio is off of his house. -  - The massage was very thorough and concentrated on the areas I told him needed attention.  The pressure was neither too firm nor too light.  He used a lot of different methods to get my knots out.  I felt completely relaxed, and I had a lot more mobility afterward.  This is day 3 and I still feel great. -  - I totally recommend!!	2012-02-28	1	2	2
bfB7SBIxcXO6Ejb_LB71vA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w	4	I had been meaning to visit this place for awhile and the only regret I have is that it took me so long to swing by and have a taste.  They have a decent and well priced lunch menu as well as a large assortment of Italian pasta and Japanese type entrees.  After debating the tonkatsu lunch versus the ramen and roll combo, I ordered a bowl of ramen and california roll for $8.45.  I was very seriously surprised by the ramen broth which was excellent and also by the fact that the noodles were perfectly al dente.  My friend got the champon, which is traditionally found in Chinese restaurants  Definitely can't wait to go back and try more menu items.	2011-02-17	0	0	1
-T_BCLg4iy32i_IBQl5YEg	Ar8BfETzZ2QRrQ8LrdcX2Q	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	1	*****If you have braces - This Dentist will flirt with you - Then ask you to come back when your braces are off***** -  - The only good thing I have to say about this office is that I received a nice massage before my visit. -  - I had a tooth ache and wanted to have my teeth cleaned so I scheduled an appointment. At time of scheduling I informed the receptionist that I had braces. -  - I came into the office. I had my massage then went to have x-rays... Hi nurse 1.5 x-rays will not come out with braces!!! The Dentist told her about this only after 6 shots of 'the bright light' Haha!!! -  - I told the dentist when he came in that I had a tooth ache and I had a sore on the roof of my mouth.  He said my dental braces caused a minor aphthous ulcer. But I tried to remind him it was on the roof of my mouth though. -  - I was asked to come back into the office when I had my braces removed and not to worry about the soars. -  - -------------------------- -  - (1 month later - I still have my braces in) -  - I gladly went to another dentist and had to have two teeth removed. One infected tooth had begun to infect my other. One could have been save if treated correctly.  -  - Thanks a Bunch Open Wide Dental!!!	2011-07-13	0	0	5
ihLE_oSFFxi_BlEsNMho8g	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	4	4.5 stars - I asked what was best that wasnt fried and I ended up with the plain tofu which was very good to excellent.  I also had the Aji sashimi special which I also found to be very good but it was a bit too warm and the $26 price was steep.  The scallops were also tasty.  I see why this place gets so many 5 stars but giving out a 5 stars is rare with me going to two-three 4.5 star rated yelp reviewed restaurants weekly.	2010-07-16	0	0	1
sUSupxoxN05fUVwKANCt8A	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	3	I visited the Rokerij a few months back and it was pretty good. The hype of the place didn't really live up to expectations, but maybe it was just because we were in a back room..  -  - We had a private back room. The server forgot to put in a couple orders, one of the girls ended up getting her food after all of us were done. We did have some great mimosas, and our plate was good. I might try this again someday. Maybe on a date or something. The lights were really low and romantic. I personally like it a little brighter so we can see the people around us, but I get the purpose of the dim effect. This place would be nice if you're looking for a fancy dinner with a date.	2013-06-21	1	0	1
3VohugbbIxonP69uylicuA	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	DxbN2BD5ULWa-LC5IMOPZQ	2	Wait for a table was almost intolerable ; 2.5 hours, wish my patience would have been rewarded with the world's greatest pizza. Sadly, it was not.  What a let down !	2013-12-31	0	0	1
eczx6bsqAlSJQTXOmB87PA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	adlNarh8mwX8NRwZf45_eQ	5	I am foodie.. Therefore have tried several different buffets when in vegas..... And this is now officially my favorite one!! Oysters, oyster shooters, shrimp, ratatouille .. OMG!!! The list goes on and on... Salivating while typing this!! Its that impactful.	2014-04-19	0	0	0
y3V8SmTxPiEaPTYJ2kdL3A	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	_A6Cq2day7XFnw_h8F7nVw	5	I have been to Hula's three times now. Third time's the charm I guess, which is why I'm finally taking the time to write this review. Most people feel more inspired to yelp when something in their experience goes terribly wrong, however, I am compelled when something is exceptionally right. (third visit) I'll tell you about the first two so you understand even more why I decided to finally yelp for the first time. -  - First visit-Met a friend for a drink at the bar. It was kind of early, one bartender was busy cutting fruit but she seemed nice and smiley. The guy bartender that helped us was a dud. No personality, no recommendations and had a great opportunity to up sell our ticket but missed out. We called him Dopey from the 7 dwarfs. Strike one.  -  - Second visit-My spouse and I decided to grab dinner. It was last Tuesday night. The place was pretty slow, we stood up front waiting to be sat....when the hostess finally walked up she seemed clueless and irritated, like we were interrupting her bathroom break or something. (not a great first impression) Our server brought us waters then disappeared for about 20 minutes. By the time he returned we decided to forget the cocktails and just order dinner because we were hungry. We shared two meals, both were ok, but just OK. Spouse wanted dessert but the magician server who kept vanishing appeared with the check after our water glasses were empty and our dirty plates had been sitting in front of us for way too long. (understandable from Denny's or IHop but not a place like this) We paid,left and went to Lux instead of trying to get a dessert menu. Strike two. -  - Third visit-Finally something good to say. After experiences 1 and 2 I didn't care if I ever returned to Hula's but a coworker tricked me and there I was again. (too polite to refuse my coworker after I realized his choice for dinner) This time it was after a long day, I was slightly grouchy and definitely not expecting much after the last two adventures. We were greeted immediately by a smiling server. (she even opened the door for us) She sat us, showed us the "signature" drink menu and a "Tiki Time" menu. She said if we had any questions she would be happy to assist and she would return with ice water. We noticed she had several other tables that were spread throughout the restaurant but sure enough she quickly returned with water, a smile and her genuine bubbly personality (those of you who have had fake-nice service know what I mean, we can tell the difference between the two) She recommended drinks that were on happy hour so we saved money, not wasted it and told us her favorite appetizers that were sure to please for five bucks. When I asked about the beers she told me about the draft and bottle selection. I've never heard of Longboard or Drifter, she described them and even offered me samples! This chick is awesome. She recommended the Tiki Bastard to my coworker, she asked first if he liked ginger because there is ginger brew in it, he does and he loved the drink. (she is smart for asking because if he didn't like ginger, this drink would not be for him) The apps came out quickly and we had everything we needed to enjoy our time. She never made us feel rushed to decide on entrees and she was attentive but not annoying because we were, of course, talking about work. She provided excellent service throughout the entire experience and because of her we will be back. She made a lasting impression on both of us and turned my sour mood very sweet. By the way, her name is Tia. I was so impressed with the service I wonder why she wastes her customer service talent in food service but I'm sure I'm not the only guy that has tipped her more than 20 percent so it makes sense.  -  - Other notes: - The building is awesome, modern mixed with some vintage decor.  - Very reasonably priced. - Not sure about the music choice.  - Old videos play on the wall from a projector. - Neat fire pit on the patio. - Service sucks unless you ask for Miss Tia.	2009-10-29	0	0	0
4d0wiC9gbqSuXvobB5Ty8Q	MglY-6zpPbBUhbCZElSwrA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Its an institution in Moon Valley.  The owner tries to be sure every guest is attended to and feels welcome.  There has been some turn over in clientele lately, but just ask the owner and she'll be sure you are taken care of.  Its my home.	2012-07-03	0	0	2
1CvETYxokn4AMlmrAA_yxQ	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	foKuHkBpfPVi4K84OxLBUg	4	Regularly go here for basic sushi fare. Not the best, but it's not a Scottsdale sushi chain owned by Caucasian douchebags so I'd rather give Hiro my business :) Gave 4 stars because the sushi is above average taste-wise and they do NOT have any type of happy hour specials	2013-03-13	0	1	0
ZW7X_M6-bk2rmOEoh4kb3A	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	2	Food was really good. Tuna burger was to die for! Lobster roll and oysters! Was really good  i would recommend this place the only thing why i didn't like about this restaurant was the servers were not good at all. After i told our server my order and i actually wasn't done with the menu she saw that i was still reading it and she grabbed it from me. I told her i wasn't done with the menu! That just didn't make me wanna visit the place again.	2014-03-16	0	0	1
IQ35ru5ueM6D7PFDNKDlgA	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	5	Obsessed.  Stopped in for lunch for the first time last weekend and I've been thinking about it (and talking about it to anyone who will listen) all week. I'm already a regular at Postino, so I had high hopes and Windsor definitely lived up to, if not exceeded, my expectations. -  - The restaurant is charming from the minute you walk in...I loved the cool bar surrounded by plaid bar stools, and the nice big booths.  Make sure to take a trip to the bathroom and check out the awesome wall o' cassette tapes - it's a nice touch. -  - I asked my server about a few different wines and not only was he knowledgeable, but he brought me over pours of three different whites to try.  That's some pretty awesome service.  I went with his suggestion, a Riesling, which was bright and nice for the summer, and wasn't overly sweet like many Rieslings. Plus you gotta love the $5 price tag. -  - I also followed his suggestion for my lunch and got the halibut sandwich with the kale salad on the side.  The kale salad was light, fresh and interesting, but ohmigod the SANDWICH. I couldn't stop eating it.  Usually I wouldn't be able to finish a big ol' sandwich for lunch but I was seriously in love with this one.  The fish was delicious and flaky, the bun perfectly toasted, the vegetables a nice crisp addition, and there was some awesome creamy sauce with a bit of a kick.  -  - I will definitely be back....there are at least five other items on their menu that I can't wait to try.  The Postino folks have another winner.  Wasn't too busy when I went there, but give it a few months to catch on and I'm sure it'll be mobbed.  Has an adorable outdoor patio that will be beautiful when the weather cools down.  -  - I love you, Windsor!	2011-08-05	1	0	0
UmoacfI_eikGjKqcbioepg	hh2GJyfWJYojFiNAADDXSg	PRNbOkVSIorLHF3RNsd-2Q	5	Need an emergency dental Appointment before leaving town for a flight that left in 2 hours. It would have not been possible with any other team, especially because I was a new patient! I got an appointment, the entire office worked to get me in and out quickly and everyone was incredibly friendly and knowledgable. Glad I found it!	2013-11-21	0	0	0
7JyghrSLwezs3MQZmUfXIg	8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	I haven't actually stayed here, but I've hung out with friends who were, and I also attended an art show here. The pool is RAD! The rooms are really cool, and the Kurig coffee maker is awesome. You can go downstairs and ask them for anything you forgot (razors, etc.) and they'll have them on hand. It's a really accommodating place. The bar is cool, I would feel awkward going for just the bar, but hey, that's me. I've seen some cool looking roof top parties up there, but never went up to join.  -  - I would recommend staying here to visiting guests. You can find some good deals on the place through group discount sites or sometimes just by calling the hotel.	2012-08-15	0	1	0
sXioSKO31jiZUfgQf56W5A	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	QxttPPZH6JLB9BmAWl0piQ	3	Oh me, oh my.  I really wanted to LOVE this location because I truly heart the NY spot.  But, I just couldn't it do it in the end.  My heart wasn't in it.  It wasn't them, it was me.  No, wait, I take that back - it really was them...  -  - Serendipity 3 exudes the decadence that you've come to know and love from Vegas.  Feast your eyes - and bellies! - on the indulgent dessert concoctions and specialty cocktails from the full bar.  -  - There is a HUGE menu... literally.  But on our visit, there was only one thing I had on my mind: the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  *sigh*  It just makes me so happy.  Hee.  A blend of chocolates, rich in flavor, blended into a velvety smooth and creamy frozen beverage.   -  - If my review was solely on the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, hands-down 5  stars.  But everything really paled in comparison.  The rest of the food is just okay.  And the service is horrible.  Our waitress made it a point to say, "See, wasn't that quick service...?"  Um, sweetie, NO.  There was a couple next to our table that walked out after being ignored by the staff.  If you do come by, I recommend the dessert... and that is definitely worth the wait.   -  - Not as serendipitous as I would've liked, but still quite pleasant nonetheless.  :)	2009-09-16	1	0	0
hsm5_E5-HG2aSIBo7VXrzQ	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	KkuCskeWo-Du_VQPciJO4g	1	Nasty, nasty, nasty! Avoid this and any other restaurant in the Luzor! I eat a ton of Mexican food and ordered meals that I normally eat at home (like flutas) and it was disgusting! Even the salsa (with the complimentary chips) was disgusting.  No flavor what-so-ever.  And to top it off, when I ordered my salad, I explicitly said I can't eat dairy.  When I got my salad there were unidentifiable cheese chunks in it. The steak in the salad looked like it was already chewed up! My brother took two bites of his meal and didn't eat it. Nasty! Avoid! No bueno!	2012-04-09	3	1	2
gEsJGL5k5zx7xoxBlyi5WQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	6wLZTaa7ZQzxPRllzuzLJw	4	I'm almost embarrassed to say how many Vegas buffets I've eaten at.................but I have to say, without a doubt Wicked Spoon is my favorite. The atmosphere and food selection are both top notch, even by Vegas' buffet standards. You will probably have to wait, especially if you are there during a busy weekend dinner, but trust me it's worth it. Plus...time spent standing in line will help to burn some calories so you can indulge even more when you get in...or...at least that's what I tell myself... -  - Definitely don't miss the carving station. The prime rib and leg of lamb in particular are tender and flavorful. Also definitely try the bone marrow (you'll see it by the carving station, trust me!). Delicious fatty meaty goodness. As far as sides go, make sure to try the truffle scallop potatoes and spicy corn risotto. -  - With all the delicious food in unlimited quantities, it might be difficult to save room for dessert...but RESTRAIN YOURSELF!!! You need to try some of these desserts. My advice? Skip all the little cups of stuff (like mousse cones and mini tiramisus) and get a chocolate lava cake with a scoop or two of gelato (caramel is my top choice). -  - Your tummy might be a little rounder by the time you finish, but it's definitely worth the trip. That's what Vegas is all about anyways, right?	2012-08-20	1	0	1
xgxfbhKDURIAkxIJV9iFtA	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	SnMK74nnvqEtpT5JsoUTJw	4	I am finally getting around to writing a review about thsi place even though i was there months ago.  This place is mind blowing!   -  - You dont come here for the atmosphere but rather the amazing food and the crazy blend of mexican and asian flavors. -  - I know mexican/asian flavor? Insane but it works. -  - They even give you a cookie for dessert.	2009-09-05	3	2	3
09XFhdp7TD6kOdxNcMqjng	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	DDad5K6GNA0sXB7N1OB6wg	1	So I've heard everyone rave about this place but every time we've come here, there is always at least an hour wait. So we decided to come early today to avoid a wait...only to be told that they do not do outdoor seating or takeout on the weekends (our dog was with us and we were not going to leave him in the car). We tried to be flexible but it was like they didn't care for our business...looks like it was never meant to be. They didn't even try to offer an explanation for their policy. Don't think I'll try to eat here again...not worth paying $16 for a pizza when the service is not worth it!	2012-10-20	0	2	1
BBiG4oRqhkc3dGtu5-fisw	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	1bV0I0j-YzDcfiXK2M-U8A	3	I was expecting a lot more based on all the hype this place gets. We got the Margarita and the Wise Guy, the latter was very bland, I think it could have been better with red sauce. The food was fresh tasting and the salads were tasty. The building is very cool and rustic, we were expecting a long wait but got in within 5 minutes. In short, the pizza was ok but I wouldnt drive out of my way to eat here again.	2013-03-23	0	0	0
XRscf-ezPdoIdCfKtFfZxA	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	ZFDpQyYIFYmjuwH71Rv3LQ	5	Came here because my friends had talked about this place so much. Went to the Cosmo and took the escalator to the third floor and didnt know exactly where this pizza parlor was...however i saw a small alley way at the corner of my eye (next to the pool table) and decided to go inside. Once I got in, there were only a handful of people there (maybe I went on an off day) but luckily for me I got my slice of pizza in under five minutes. I got the white pizza and my friend got a mushroom pizza/cheese pizza. My favorite was the cheese pizza. It was so tasty and most of all CHEAP. After spending 20$+ each meal, it was refreshing to only have to pay 5$ for a slice of pizza that was just as filling as a 20$ meal. I will definitely be back again.	2012-01-19	0	0	1
W3iEvQZBTeuXwi-RBaL_Kw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	hPC74NDmsiWE8-D1cKLPaA	2	Only in Vegas could you make reservations at a place that threatens to charge you $50 per person if you don't show up to be seated at a plastic folding table. -  - The service was fine. A little slow but they tend to drag their feet a bit when they're charging you a whole lot for not much substance, it's makes you feel like you're getting more out of the experience I guess. -  - I asked the waiter if they had any vegan options and watched him struggle through the menu before saying he'd have to ask the chef, which I don't think he ever did because we never got an answer. -  - Everyone in our party said they liked their meal but no one liked it enough to finish everything on their plate which says something. -  - Their prices are fairly astronomical for what you get and I believe that they try to cover up what is basic food with a fancier name. Roasted Corn Soup = one of the cartons of soup from Trader Joe's, Rough Cut Tuna Nachos = raw tuna chunks with a side of commercial grade tortilla chips, Cornmeal Crusted Chili Relleno = big jalapeno popper, Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna Steak = Chili's summer special. -  - I'm sure there are good aspects of this place, we just didn't see them.  -  - I guess everything in Vegas is a gamble.	2011-08-08	0	2	3
LahqIn7RAuQcKNqCdOwAcg	HZf4PgSXgGZ0EPGa-cuUPQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	Smaller for a Macy's but they have plenty of good brand names to choose from and the store is clean.  Great shoe section!  They are located in a decent spot within the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall, which makes this store go up a notch despite it's smaller size.	2013-09-05	0	0	0
r4WSZ6KZL2EnlJyPSMqdvg	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	86XHElUa9J3SduW1AO-s4A	5	I had to travel all the way to Phoenix for some good fried chicken!!  After a super hot day of walking through the Botanical Gardens, the only thing that got me through was thinking about checking out Lo-Lo's and the let me tell you that they didn't disappoint!  The place was packed at 5pm but we luckily got in super fast.  Our table tried a little bit of everything.  The Chicken and Waffles, Fried Catfish, Fried Redfish, Collard Greens, and the Gizzards.  Let me start with my favorite, the fried chicken.  Delicious!!  Perfectly seasoned and crispy.  It's hard to find a place where they put the right seasonings in the fried chicken, but Lo-Lo's got it just right.   A great balance of seasoning to give the chicken some zing and super crispy.  The catfish was great, with a similar seasoning.  Nice big filets and not greasy at all, same goes for the redfish.  The redfish was like a southern version of fish and chips.  I'm not a fan of gizzards, but Lo-Lo's got it right so that they were tender instead of rubbery and how can it fail smothered with gravy?  Let's also not forget the waffle, damn that thing was good, with some cinnamon or something in the batter so that it was just a good without the syrup.   -  - I'm also an unsweetened tea kind of girl now, but Lo-Lo's brought back memories with their sweetened tea in big mason jars, just perfect. -  - The service was great as well.  Enjoy the ambiance b/c it was authentic and the people that waited on us were awesome. -  - I'll be making Lo-Lo's a permanent stop on all my trips back to Phoenix!!	2009-05-09	2	0	2
LP-X28NBD-11HLYWogU8rg	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Our waitress, Kate, outdid herself once again.  She was so attentive and took care of our out of town guests.  The place was hopping but she still made us feel like we were the only table she was attending.  Yummy food...but now I understand why they call them Spicy Edamames.  WOW!	2013-03-18	0	0	1
Eo9uNHC5PFLv-VFMZdEz9A	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	cprrdOVWlDZU9iMCTMtKbQ	5	This is my favorite Sushi Spot in Phoenix. I see Sushi Chefs from other restaurants coming here to eat during their off time. =) -  - The prices are very reasonable, and all of the rolls and sashimi are very fresh and crafted to perfection by the old timers. -  - The Ramen Noodle Bowl is awesome, and nothing like what you would buy in the grocery store. It is topped with pork, fish cake, bamboo, and seaweed. I highly recommend. -  - They even have a fried salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always available at every establishment. I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect. -  - They also offer Takoyaki, which is like an octopus dumpling ball. You would have no idea that it contained octopus unless you were familiar with the dish. these are absolutely amazing and highly addictive. You have to try these during your visit. -  - The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream. It was green tea ice cream, surrounded by a rice flour shell and topped with whipped cream. It really hit the spot and I was so full but in a happy and satisfying way. -  - If you like Sushi, and you think that RA is cool, hit yourself on the head for being a complete fool and go check this place out and get schooled on what fresh authentic Sushi is all about. Your mouth will thank you for doing the right thing! -  - Cheers and keep up the good work at the place. -  - FYI... Bring your own Saki if you need booze with your meal. I say, just enjoy the good meal without alcohol and see how happy and relaxed the meal makes you feel.	2011-12-27	1	0	5
gHx4hc4ZyT-ZH2cOebMAKw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	jqubqDCV6blF1PLBmfBrxQ	4	Like all the other reviews mentioned, the pizza place is down a long hallway--walls decorated in album covers.  Pretty neat.  Pizza is pretty good.. thin crust..melty cheese.  Cheaper snack while you are on the strip.	2012-04-09	0	0	1
hPD9eT_nAZpmRTZPczDHTw	iMbDhkmIqBLedsbu1sIixA	Rh5HaYluCpQuoFG5K-wuGg	5	If your in need of any permanent makeup this is the place!  I have been to many permanent makeup places over the years and this place exceeds.  Min is the artist and she does outstanding work. - She listens to how you want your makeup done, the color the shape and when she finishes it's just as you described it. - I had my eyebrows done.  This is not something you want to trust anyone doing, but after I was refered to Min, I thought I'd try it.  I was pleased.	2011-11-07	0	0	4
31sO66i9xMB_vP7h7dt4JA	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	cOUq5MKmRp7rsTxIkJwRFw	4	Overall: Great pizza for a steal in Vegas. -  - I would have never known about this place if it hadn't been for the nice concierge on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan while my mom and I were wandering around. He walked us over to this huge door and swung it open to reveal a hallway with a pinball game and loud rock music.  -  - The set-up is similar to a NY pizzeria in that there are no tables, just bars where you can stand and eat or grab an empty stool. I ordered a cheese slice for $3.50 which is unheard of in Vegas. The slice was really good! We went back there a couple of times during our visit when we didn't want to spend an arm and a leg for a meal.	2011-09-14	1	0	1
i_MIgc5cl_8wY915uwI0Ag	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	5	WOW, WHAT A MEAL THIS WAS! - My friend and I came here with high expectations after reading the many yelp reviews and salivating at all the pictures of the food online.  -  - We made a reservation for 8:30 and only had to wait 5 minutes before we were promptly seated. Our server quickly introduced himself and the menu. Before we knew it, we came face-to-face with the  mesmerizing steak cart. As good as all the cuts of meat looked on the cart, my friend and I came here for one thing only: THE BEEF WELLINGTON! -  - I ordered the single serving beef wellington and Mac & Cheese while my buddy ordered the single serving beef wellington and Chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster in brandied lobster cream sauce. Expect 45 minutes for them to make your beef wellington, as it must be cooked perfectly. While we waited, there was so much in the restaurant to look at. The wine bar, the cute hostesses, the gordon ramsay object in the ceiling and the kitchen. The whole presentation of the restaurant was just very welcoming and fancy hipster looking. Service was very good too, I feel unfortunate for the yelp-ers who complained about lack of service. -  - grading of our food: -  - Maine Lobster in cream sauce: A. Friend said it was good, but it wasn't anything you can't find in your local high end steakhouse.  -  - Mac & Cheese: B-. The texture and sauce of the dish was dry and didn't quite tantalize my palate.  -  - Beef Wellington: A+. Gordon Ramsay, you got me! Flake was crusty, the beef was  - cooked perfectly and easy to cut. I loved the mash glaze and vegetables it accompanied with. By the time we finished half of the beef wellington, we were so full already. -  - the bread: A+. I forget the names of these free bread plates they gave out, but they were phenomenal. I am pretty sure my friend and I went through 3 plates. -  - By the time we finished our meal and paid our $180 bill, we were absolutely full. We struggled to walk out of Le Paris, onto the Las Vegas Blvd. My friend and I (both athletes) had to sit down on a bench for a few minutes to rest from that absolute beast of a meal. That's how good GR STEAk IS! -  - My only quirk with GR Steak? This is a high end establishment, as least the prices certainly show...where are the white table cloths that usually accompany high end steakhouses?	2014-05-04	0	0	1
NNfArLEf03UjltmIzFX8Jg	S9lri8SZi3r-Q61zN1pzGg	BHLS6oIl2Smlzf6syWkZSQ	5	Had my first haircut at Tony's today. Great job! Tony is very professional and courteous. Very good price too. Had a great conversation during the whole process. I highly recommend this place for your next haircut. :-)	2014-05-19	0	0	0
7PqC_DhUb6v1Xg9ovaTgwQ	7KK78Q6XjM14g0ykVvg-OQ	ZmezrSPC9PVt9a1K-NBrXw	5	Love Hippie Gypsy! Cute clothes, that you wouldn't find in chain stores. Lots of tie dye, matchstick skirts, peasant tops, paisley designs, hats, etc. Stuff for guys, too. Yes, it's a smoke shop, but that's in the back of the store, so even if you're not into that there's plenty of unique jewelry, clothing, gifts, and fun stuff to look at. The staff is always super nice. One time we walked off and had gone a block down Mill, and saw one of the cashiers running down the street (barefoot! lol) to catch us because we'd left a piece to an incense burner on the counter. I thought that was going above & beyond. Always make it a point to stop in here when I'm browsing around Mill!	2013-11-12	1	1	1
_N0i9Bx9fSETCOog8GT60A	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	2	Meh...big portions doesn't equal good food.  It was ok.  I would go back and try it once more, but I've had WAY better. -  - I ordered the Meatloaf Hash...meatloaf with cheese and peppers and eggs and potatoes.  It was cold.  Nuff said.	2010-05-11	1	1	1
QFrQ-GTO5hfn91tHXmYVMw	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	5	When I was researching for places to eat in Vegas, Earl of Sandwich was nowhere on my to go places.  My thought was, I flew hundred of miles to Vegas and a sandwich is not exactly glamorous or fancy!  We stayed at the Cosmopolitan and so Planet Hollywood is literally right across the street.  It was 3 am one night and my boyfriend was hungry, so I thought hey why not?? It's close by and it's open 24/7. -  - I got the tuna melt and my boyfriend got the Original.  IT WAS AMAZING.  Seriously.  I know it's just a sandwich but it was seriously the most delicious sandwich I've ever had in my life.  The bread and temperature was right on point.  And if you factor in the ridiculous cheap price to get this piece of heaven, no wonder why this is ranked #1 on Yelp for Vegas! So glad the fat girl and boy in us were craving for food at 3 am and had Earl of Sandwich introduced into our lives.   -  - My boyfriend made me walked back here 3 times to get more sandwiches.  Mind you, we were in Vegas for only 3 days.  We both love the Chipotle Chicken Avocado sandwich the most.	2013-08-08	0	1	0
5gnTjR_0DCBiClKW2Io_kg	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	This place is the bomb diggity! My husband and I have been here a few times now since it opened. It's located inside the Planet Hollywood Casino and has a casual, hip vibe to it. -  - I'm not a huge fan of hamburger meat, but they offer chicken burgers as well. I ordered mine with blue cheese, slaw, and spicy mayo. My husband ordered his hamburger basically the same way, minus the slaw. They were both excellent. The fries are large enough for two people and there are a few options as far as flavors go. We chose the parmesan truffle fries this time, which were devoured in a hurry. The other options are original or sweet potato, and all are served with two types of homemade ketchup. -  - Be sure to save room for dessert here!!! This place has the most unique milkshakes ever! There are several different flavor combos of ice cream shakes topped with (wait for it)... pudding!!! My fave is the coffee shake topped with chocolate pudding, while my husband enjoys cookies n' cream with creme brle pudding. The pudding melts into the ice cream and creates the most unusual, yummy creation known to mankind. We go to Vegas often, and ALWAYS make a stop for one of these shakes. Try it once and you'll be addicted too!	2013-12-14	3	0	4
YNzm_HkWIFfJrJ6vj6otNg	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	uHzXfjuP0XaNcUTMA7QqtQ	4	I went with a group of 6 to Border Grill for Cinco de Mayo.  They have the best Margaritas in all of Las Vegas.  All they use is Tequila, lime, and Agave.  So many places use sweet and sour mix and I think it is just awful.  I ordered a portabella dish and it was excellent.  I did ask for it without dairy and they messed it up twice, but corrected the issue with no problems.  I used a 15% off card they gave me and a restaurant.com gift certificate, so it was a great deal.  The Chef, Mary Sue was in the kitchen and came out to say hello to us as we are Top Chef fans.  We were also lucky enough to hear the Black Keys play live.  They were playing a private event at the Mandalay pool and since we were sitting on the patio outside we could hear it!  I like the patio because it is one of the only places on the strip where you can sit outside and not be on the street.  Great service, drinks and food.  I will go back soon.	2011-05-06	0	0	0
ERdwpHOGhY1W3nAz3yfcvQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	This place is open 24 hours!!! The sandwhiches are really affordable too! $6 for a hot sandwhich or salad and they have some other things too. I like how it's just one pricing for all the sandwhiches and one pricing for the soups/salads. I've heard lots about this place, so I was excited to try it. It passed my food test. It tasted fresh and was warm and cheap. The flavors tasted good together. I got I believe the club. I will have to try others next time. Only thing was that they took a bit too long to make my sandwhich... maybe because of the time it took to make it hot? I would come here again though and next time, I think I also want to try the soups and salads.	2012-09-18	0	0	0
s5r-sYO__CXM_NYyJK_ltA	QsaY4Ev1Abfcewol7uIaOg	M1kAwfcq3XEQzB0L3X_WEg	5	Andrea is phenomenal! Really takes the time to listen to what you're hoping to get out of your massage and does a tremendous job to work with you and your body throughout. She also provides some useful tips on how to continue maximizing the benefits of the massage long after you've left her office--real dedication to helping her clients as much as possible. I visited Andrea two days after running an ultramarathon and I walked out of her office feeling totally rejuvenated and relaxed. I will definitely be recommending her to my friends!	2014-04-28	0	0	0
9D-mYGGart_qCOouTDAbTw	GRVMk9inxsLOmCnztVPQWw	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	5	The largest collection of Monet art on display outside of Paris!!!! -  - (at Bellagio through January 6, 2013) -  - We just happened to stumble upon a poster advertising this Monet exhibit. How lucky was I since Claude Monet has been my favorite painter ever since I was first introduced to his work in 2nd grade!!! You bet I was freakin excited! (Especially since I've never been to Europe so I have yet to see his most famous works...so far I have only been able to see only a handful of his original pieces). -  - The gallery is open until 8 pm, with last admission at 7:30 pm. We allowed ourselves a good hour to spend in the gallery. The tickets were reasonably priced: $11 for students, $16 for general adults. Though the gallery was small and comprised of about 4 rooms, there were probably at least 20 paintings on display.  We were told they were on loan from the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. There is a complimentary audio tour but I personally declined the option, so I cannot give much feedback on that. -  - I was slightly disappointed that not all of the works were by Monet, though it was still nice to see some variety (other works included those by Boudin, Pissarro, and Corot).  They showcased a lovely selection of both famous and less-known Monet pieces. However, they did not have any water lilies or Japanese bridge, which I would have loved to see. -  - Some of my favorites from the gallery were: -  - Grainstack (sunset) - Meadow with Haystacks near Giverny - Meadow with Poplars - Antibes Seen from the Plateau Notre-Dame - Charing Cross Bridge (overcast day) - Entrance to the Village of Vetheuil in Winter -  - There are a couple of security guards, as one would expect. But I was pleasantly surprised (and most appreciative!!) that they did not reprimand me when I peered fairly closely at each painting (framed behind glass) to view the intricate textures and brushstrokes, which I have unfortunately experienced in the past at another museum. -  - A superb exhibit -- if you are you a Monet fan, you mustn't miss this! The orchid-colored gallery walls really set the mood and complemented the art. -  - THANK YOU, BELLAGIO!! =)	2012-12-19	1	0	1
Xag1LEhNJiCCk63aKAYOTA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	B8cYcBWW9bkEJKR46Jou7g	2	Came here for the brunch and was actually a little disappointed after reading all of these stellar reviews.  This is a $40/person buffet, throw me some decent seafood or cuts of meat in there!  Instead a lot of rice dishes, pastas, rib eye, etc.  Not that they weren't good, just not $40 good.  I was pretty surprised that we walked in without a wait at 1pm, but maybe that should've been my hint...	2014-01-01	0	0	0
9jBd33_KvcrBpGAQ1NmLnA	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	o-xDgt535DhMFJh4YKMNOA	5	Amazing service,  food was great! Truffle fries a little salty but other then that well worth it. We started with beer battered onion rings light and crispy with a cheddar ranch dipping sauce. ...WOW. We then shared apple Caesar  salad tart , savory,  and a hint of sweet with the apple. Had a few truffle fries, bit to salty for me, the manager came over and asked if we would like new ones,  he was kind and thoughtful.  Then the burgers!  Mouth watering, and delicious I had the signature Hells Kitchen with jalapeno, avocado, roasted tomatoes and cheese.  With every bite I didn't want it to end. My hubby had the Farm burger that had egg on it, look amazing.  The shakes were ok but I have had better.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the whole menu. Gordon has done it again and we will definitely be going back.	2013-02-25	0	0	1
pAaBdVod5A8eJ6Oy9hD3tg	LUFA1zyso9upnRQnO2qbQA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Their ER station & waiting room has been remodeled. It's easier how they have the reception and triage in one place. A timesaver too. It was clean and didnt have that antiseptic hospital smell it used to have.  They do have antibacterial dispensers all over though.  I like that!   Staff from security who was nice enough to direct us to an empty parking space closest to the entrance, to the janitor who saw the lost look on my face and stopped his job to help me & walk me over to the nurses station,helped ease our visit there.  The nurses and dr's of course were also excellent.  -  - The only minor complaint  I had was the cafeteria.(Of course the foodie in me had to make a comment) Not that I'm a health nut but I was surprised at all the soda and sugary juices they stocked and only water and 2 choices of unsweetened drinks and tea that was decaffeinated were the only non soda drinks. Ya think a hospital cafeteria would have more healthier alternatives than that. (Psst Coconut water/juice would be nice!)  The zen like garden and water fountain outdoors was a nice break to just gather your thoughts.	2012-09-05	0	0	1
Avjf1Qkd8O3Nt6KvSMoLnw	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	Ok so I don't know whom I should be exactly pissed at here...  -  - Yelp....my neighbors....citysearch.... -  - HOW HAVE I NOT FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS PLACE????? -  - Okay Yelp, I can't be mad at you because your little mobile application showed me what was close to me for lunch when I was down in Tempe at the Japanese market buying some Echigo beer which I discovered while at Yasu. -  - Amazing, simply amazing, I saw the outside of this place and was like, "well here we go, another smokey pub filled with old timers" -  - But as I passed through the front door I felt as if I had been magically transported to somewhere back east, a hustling bar with employees shouting orders and pressing fine pasterys and a decor that would make even Gordon Ramsay proud. -  - I had the traditional being that I've never had a "patsy" before and it was simply amazing, beef, potatoes and a red wine gravy that made my mouth go, um what the hell just happened?  -  - They have a huge variety and it was really cool to see one of the kitchen members sitting next to me trying out one of the new recipes and critiquing on it.....huge brownie points in my book..  -  - Best part, 10 bucks for lunch including a 3 dollar tip. SCREW YOU ECONOMY! I'll be back for sure!!!	2009-04-16	9	10	11
XDVhXeRiIwis2HFOL6qd8w	QPbjoQn2Vty29ZaLOpzwXw	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I come here religiously for deep conditioning treatments. I get them done anywhere from weekly to monthly and it's really cheap. I've been to high end salons before for the same treatments and have spent $40-$100 for treatments these guys can do or $15 and less.  People constantly compliment me on my hair about how gorgeous it is, healthy, long, etc.  And I let them all know that they don't need to break the bank to look chic either.  Just find a stylist you trust and get deep conditioning treatments like crazy, and your hair will be just as healthy too.  And don't think for a moment I can't afford a high end salon. Oh, I've dropped thousands at high end places and just ended up with giant bills, unhappiness, an headaches from the butcher job some of those high end places.  It's like the more money you drop, the more they feel they are an artist and their opinion on your hair matters more.  I like these little family places, their low prices, and very humble stylist.	2013-12-26	0	0	0
2ysRoKy96h31vV-mZIEQkA	MOkQOf8XvO4mCBvARJNQYQ	qkFWXeXEk9QSXq3KrD2fXg	1	Dana Bairen operates her business from a narcissistic standpoint. In other words, she will judge you, and if she judges you negatively, she'll refuse to treat you. My brief time in her practice reminded me of being a high school clique -- if you're in, all is well. But if there is a problem -- say, treatment is not working, or if you request t a refund  -- then you're not  part of the "in crowd" anymore and she denies you treatment. I remember, early on when I'd just discovered her practice, she told me about a client who was "high maintenance" and  she "just couldn't take it anymore," so she told him to find another acupuncturist.  "Gee, Dana," I said, "I hope you don't refuse treatment for me someday." "Oh, I wouldn't do that," she replied, "you're so sweet." But my comment proved to be prescient, for she did boot me out of her practice ultimately and refused to treat me. I can't emphasize enough how narcissistic she is, and how contrary that is to the principle of healing and the Hippocratic Oath. Ultimately, you should not be in the Healing Professions if you live to pass judgement on others.	2013-01-04	0	0	4
2_oSywuRrGbsXopQNuTeUA	OiCxoAIoBvEWxf7p1qVVmA	kQm7gzs6oJWvHnZtChdt_Q	4	I was so excited to try Sage after one of my best friends raved about it!  I would have given it 5 stars if they hadn't basically kicked us out at 11pm.  They took our reservation for 3 at 10pm, but that's ok. - The scallops more than made up for it!  WOW!    I had a glass of wine, but my friend had the ginger beer drink and it was AMAZING!  Very impressive!  Even came in a copper mug. - The restaurant is very beautiful and very simple.  We had two waiters- one was very knowledgeable and gave excellent recommendations, and the other was delightfully sarcastic:) - Overall, we had a very enjoyable experience.	2011-12-18	0	0	0
nfXZGmvLal-XxdeMaSC2ig	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	5	This place is the bomb.. If u go to Vegas, u have to stop by this place....All u can eat korean food for under $25....	2011-11-03	0	0	0
BUSjpVIVJ9Vkpp7xRpMBbw	OXJZlVOYZwyrf5cHLmfStw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	We love going to Michael's locations and this one is no exception to the rule. It's easy to get lost in these stores and walk out with crafts you never even thought you'd about doing. They also are a great spot to shop for seasonal decorations and the items usually go on sale about a week before the holiday, which is even better. I've no doubt we will be back to this store in the near future.	2013-10-25	2	2	2
r64SayGVIkqVyFxdIRuJ4Q	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	AaNQJNO5vnM78D199Vw7iQ	5	This was the best hot sandwich I've ever had. It's open 24/7 and is under $10 a person. There's not much to say about this place other than this place is a must if you're in Vegas and want something incredible for a good price.	2013-02-13	0	0	0
QvF6G7FI3t954lWKRLRxRg	-c-qfgM7OWavhLe1wwSR9Q	noCpG6T9-gVcbjVk4rPlFQ	5	I like this salon a lot! It has a very comfortable and personal feel. Zoe does my hair and she always does a wonderful job! She listens to what I want and offers good ideas and advice about my hair.	2014-01-21	0	0	0
SRsX3rMAxHhnF7EGXAo99A	n3YOqSuvd-DqvrmfKxGWog	vQNx_-d1T9x2uID8GynF4g	5	This is an update to my previous review, When I sent the payment in, with a letter explaining why we shouldn't be responsible for the charged, I was sent a letter telling me that Dr. Glick decided to waive the charge. This has restored my faith in all the great things I have heard about this office. I will go again and I will make sure that I know what my coverage should be. Thank you Dr, Glick!!!!	2014-01-06	0	0	0
9bXBQxgwhfX9DVwJf3Bd9Q	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	tJmC5cM1W9vDwC9AggLXuA	5	Best salad ever. Every thing tasted really good.	2014-01-14	0	0	1
pqQLarBNMWbUYKleAVRjeg	RRWRvdziNs9S5zl4G39Fyw	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	3	OK, still some cool stuff -- but the place has changed hands. Check it out, though. Clothes are better organized.	2008-06-24	0	0	2
WCUpu2gXFUopH-hY4Oxxyw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	4	About a year ago, I was aimlessly strolling thru the Cosmopolitan, taking in all the beauty that the hotel has to offer.  While walking around the Chandelier Bar on the upper floors, I stumbled across a long hallway lined with album covers, with a questionable ending.  What could be at the end? Narnia? Or the Springfield Mystery Spot, complete with Ozzie Smith? Of course, being the quizzical individual that I am, I walked down the hallway.  Couldn't believe what I saw...a walk-up pizza joint! -  - Anyway, with over 500 reviews, I don't know how this is a secret anymore.  No sign, no advertising, but excellent NY-style pizza.  At $4.50/slice, with the Strip-markup, it's a pretty good value for wasteepants late-night munchies.  And if you're not ready to end the rager, they have beer and I think, boxed wine. -  - This is obviously a place to go after a night throwin elbows at the club.  At times, I've seen the line full of button-down shirts, fist pumps, sky-high heels, and dresses that leave little to the imagination.  Sometimes the line is long, which is understandable given its popularity.  But they try their best to keep the line moving swiftly. -  - I'm glad I stumbled onto this place, as it has become a staple when I visit.   I applaud the Cosmopolitan for this inspired idea.	2012-01-27	6	5	7
njC2yFrBiWfhD9d8hXNyMw	BdsVOlCc_eSVH2-PwZ7H7g	0ITeEVohWHMtJooJVEAVGg	5	Probably the best spot in Las Vegas to just wander around. There is pretty much something for everyone there. It is also the place with the only circular escalator I've ever seen.	2008-08-13	0	0	1
dm8iUrH0frCWwGqwetjY4w	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	OUCZsZdb9PS5edTh_G0VrQ	5	One of my favorite restaurants. I was here with several people, and we opted for the 7 course chef's choice meal. It was worth every penny. The highlight for me was the wagyu beef. They bring it raw and let you sear it on a hot stone.	2013-01-03	0	0	0
Eu63T0uIdBANSIMxXkqIpw	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	b2burjDh3jFs3u1VC_OUHQ	5	A must know ---- EXPENSIVE -  - I went here for a work dinner. -  - The steak is absolutely amazing, and so are the sides, not a single bad thing I can say about the place.  A nice place for a celebration. -  - Very dim/dark (waitress hands out a small flashlight if required to read the menu) -  - Very noisy as its connected to a bar with live music	2013-09-18	0	0	0
XKBZF-vC0LS0XDNG9bKNig	84c2it9SM3XajJHltybpgg	S6AvVYHwd949SIwIvcwB8w	1	Forget it. Never going back. After I couldn't sit for the rest of the night and had to sleep on my stomach, I woke up covered in bruises. Luckily I wear long maxi dresses most of the time with a cardigan, so I'm generally pretty covered up. I had bruises all over my back, my rear and my legs as well. The next day someone from HHM called to ask how my massage was. I told her it was awful and what happened. All she could say was ohhhh, oh yeah. Ohhh that sounds like it hurt (ya think?!) and offered nothing to me. Not even my money back. I'd never recommend this place. That may have been an isolated incident, but I'm sure not stupid enough to go back to figure it out!	2013-06-08	0	1	2
3Sgw4nO5WGdbk15cPml0yA	k_oGELzpHDK6JrHRsCD2lQ	WG9Sf8hxBAV5Z_6l-U2_MQ	1	I'd Give Them A Zero For Hospitality & A Zero For Enthusiasm!!!  I Was So Excited Walking In & Nothing!!!  About 7 Girl's All Dressed In Black Looked At Me When I Walked In & Out & Didn't Say A Word!!! And Its There Grand Opening!!!  You Need To Clean House Already Cause That Will Not Last!!!!  What A Shame!!!  Oh Well!!!	2014-02-24	1	0	0
fTGeZkyZRPb54tW__kKsJQ	jz084uDhqyUK_jdbAqkYRg	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	3	This one is average for Target stores.  It's close to our house and in a decent area.  It's usually pretty clean, and well staffed.  The lines can be slow, but unlike some other stores it's usually due to the customers here and not the cashiers.  I like that I can stop here for both home and grocery needs.  It is irritating getting asked all the time about Target cards.  Trust me, I can read.  I see the signs and your badges.  If I want a card, I will ask.  I have all but stopped shopping at other stores over constant harassment of this nature, and would hate to have the same happen to target.	2014-06-29	0	0	0
qZLYx1X5bjUijgO1Lw2EDg	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	4	Awesome place! Im always cravin it, mmmm!  It gets a 4/5 just because the server took a little long to get us things like the bill or drinks. This place is sure to get you messy, but the food is absolutely terrific and flavored with true Cajun flavors.  The food is spicy, reasonably priced and portioned.  Here's what I ordered: -  - - 1lb of shrimp in the Hot N' Juicy special sauce (combination of all of their  signature sauces) -  - - 1 corn -  - -Order of Cajun fries -  - My total came to about $14  and I was still eating leftovers the next day. -  - Also, they don't let you get half pounds, so you can either split with someone or get a full.	2010-04-05	0	0	0
CYnVmasXe4fd-OGR-sGF0A	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	5	I made a same day late reservation on a Friday night and was able to get seated almost immediately. I thought the servers were very friendly and helpful and they knew their menu and because of that they made knowledgeable recommendations. Now on to the food! The food was amazing! I had the D'brees Poboy which was sooo mouthwatering good, the sandwich was roast beef smothered in gravy on a French roll,mayo,lettuce and onions. The sandwich was so savory and you can see the chef really takes pride in the tradition of the Poboy. The sandwich came with French fries which were made fresh from hand cut potatoes which just adds to the comfort the food envokes. My wife got the Gouda Grits which I think we're a ! I highly highly recommend you get them. I had never had grits before trying these so I had no preconceptions however after trying them I'm ruined for anyone else's grits. My wife also got the combo plater which consisted of shrimp, oysters, cat fish filets and crab cakes and two sides, she choose green beans and the Gouda grits I mentioned before. And in just one word the combo was phenomenal. The food was great, the staff great, the vibe friendly, the atmosphere casual.	2013-11-17	0	0	1
5en_njmOiz8_MM9jcRSjlw	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	WU0ZCEykqoKHyads1E40sw	5	I saw that Soho had a 5 star rating on yelp so I decided to give it a go. The location of the restaurant had me a little skeptical at first seeing that it's right next to Chevron but the overall experience won me over. The service was fantastic and our server Darrell was amazing! He was very attentive and answered all of our questions on the menu plus added some of his own recommendations which were all fantastic! We started off with the salmon, yellowtail, and trout sashimi appetizers and all were delicious! The miso cod was our favorite cooked just right with excellent marination. The head chef/owner came out to our table and introduced himself with such a friendly attitude. We ended with the green tea tiramisu and I highly recommend it if you're looking to end your meal right! Now I know why they're rated 5 stars and I look forward to coming back!	2014-02-27	0	0	1
h7NXZ46uc7Ah0eguvNbBEg	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	_MLmE3ArnzkXqESM3YCbdA	4	the right place to take your girl early on a sunday after a long night of drinking	2013-11-23	0	0	0
nXSgLQ-Z3JhtPjawsm5bxg	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	3	We get to Pappadeaux's on a Monday night.  It was packed.  We put our name in and we were told it would be a half hour wait.  Not bad.  We were early and we were waiting for another friend to show up.  She finally arrived and we chatted during our wait.  Our half hour wait turned into an hour.  How did that happen????  My friend complained and we were seated just like that.  We made it to our table, relief.  Our waitress was friendly.  The bread was good.  There was a great special on gulf oysters and our waitress explained that the season was coming to an end.  $4 something for a dozen oysters.  Great deal.  They were tasty too.  We had them for an appetizer.  I was happy so far. -  - I ordered the scallops.  They were not huge.  In fact my entree was not that big portion wise.  I had to order a salad a la carte.  No bang for your buck here.  The scallops were over $20 bucks and adding a salad to that pushed my portion of the bill over $30.  I had an ice tea too.  I enjoyed my salad and the scallops were good.  BUT!  I felt a little ripped off. -  - One thing they have to change is the PA system.  "Bob party of 3 your table is ready" is heard loudly throughout the entire restaurant.  Yikes!!!  Change that please. -  - Pappadeaux's is A-OK.	2010-02-23	0	0	1
9e3_o3POGcC3QyEnzRnHYw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	l2j9ReKT7BNBpyJI4WwS_w	5	07/06/10 -  - Sure, Mon Ami Gabi serves mostly tourists, but the service and their food was phenomenal. -  - Three of us had a bottle of Jean-Louis ros sparkling wine. To start, we had chilled cucumber soup, frisee and bacon salad, country pate, and escargots. It's worth to come here just for their bread, we had three. -  - The salad was made French style, lightly dressed and refreshing, just like the soup. Pate and escargots were very appetizing, along with our view of Bellagio's fountain on the patio. -  - We finished our lunch with double daily sorbet (green apple) and macchiato with a shot of Amaretto. I wished they had sweet crepe for desert! -  - p.s. Elizabeth was a very attentive and good server!	2010-07-29	0	0	0
Dn7AqDT66640bDz4quhoww	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	xQTenws2XsL_1gKL6DeZ9A	4	If i'll be courting a restaurant i'll go for a buffet  at (The buffet at Bellagio )       I would say It's Worth the wait. - Reason - The price is  reasonable i don't think i can find anything better than this. -                - the service was excellent. -                - even though i don't eat much i left with a smile. -                 - Good selection of food. - Guess every time I'm in Vegas i'll be staying & dining with you. - Because you complete me =)	2008-12-01	8	5	5
oStrknZ-le0JLFeagKn8VQ	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	5	Amazing restaurant! The service and ambiance is really unbeatable. It is rare that I come across a tasting menu that offers both delicious, perfectly married flavors and textures, along with generous/filling portions. So I was in shock when that happened here, in a 2-Michelin-starred restaurant!  -  - Our 3-hour long dinner was one of the best dining experiences I've had so far. We never felt rushed with each course and wow, was the ambiance romantic! The place is so nice and quiet, with only the occasional booming from the fountain show. Most tables have a very good view of it from the dining room. They even offer patio/balcony seating to get an even better view! -  - Dinner included the following: - Amuse-bouche -  - First course: -poached oysters with osetra caviar and sauce vermouth -                        -warm quail salad with sauteed artichokes and pinenuts -  - Second course: -foie gras au torchon with pineapple and port reduction -                               -sauteed ruby red shrimp with roasted zucchini, crispy artichoke, tomato confit, and piquillo pepper vinaigrette -  - Third course: -roasted (whole!) Maine lobster with sauce Americaine and salsify -                          -sauteed medallions of fallow deer with caramelized green apple and zinfandel sauce -  - Dessert: -warm chocolate fondant with dark chocolate gelato, toasted marshmallow, and graham cracker -                  -trio of meyer lemon flan with raspberry jellie, vanilla creme fraiche sorbet, and raspberry bavarois -  - Ended with petits fours. -  - Food was superb, but I wouldn't call the dishes extremely creative or original. However, they definitely were all perfectly prepared and tasted amazing. My favorites were definitely the foie gras (best foie I've had so far in my life!) and the lobster, but the entire meal was to die for! Thank you, Picasso!	2013-08-07	1	0	3
URVIJbqxy2t5flFvecfMGw	JfMWD7eZHg1IfBVGZdPamw	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	4	I got a hot stone pedicure and manicure here from Lisa. It was great! The hot stone massage was nice, my feet were soft and well groomed afterward, and the best part, the polish on my hands lasted a full week. This never happens! I have no idea why, but I give them the credit. It seemed like a clean place and the customer service was good.	2010-08-07	0	0	0
RLrO8SP0JPulRX7uWESfbQ	pG9AXrNWpjhX8p4Bz7bLrA	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	2	I liked this place better when it was the desert passage. The stores here are just your typical mall-type stores so it's not as exciting. When I think of miracle mile, i think of chicago. This certainly isn't Chicago's miracle mile....	2007-09-08	0	1	0
M49_Wk6yLHv01y-NKWlrMA	4GQhbPvGU5r23YdVm8EmkQ	bOlWtp4Fe5cWnPcECTWAAA	4	We made a reservation for Valentine's day and even showed up 30 minutes early to ensure we got a table. The place was practically empty around 6 p.m. so we tarried by the bar. I ordered a vodka martini and my boyfriend got a scotch neat so we can't say much about the quality of the cocktails. The bartender didn't offer us recommendations or selections, much less talk, so this might not be one of those places to strike up a conversation. -  - Food: Excellent. We started with a charcuterie plate of cheeses and cured meats. Nothing fancy or worth stating. It was pretty plain: a plate of meats and cheeses. For dinner, I had a lobster ravioli and my boyfriend got steak. The pasta was al dente and lobster was just right. The sauce wasn't heavy or too light either. Finished up with some creme brle which wasn't stellar, but good for flamed custard.  -  - Service: Up to par. Since it was Valentine's day, the restaurant got busier later in the evening. However, this did not diminish our server's presence nor her service. She gave us a wine menu and suggested pairings which I appreciate because sommeliers can be nerve-racking if you don't know your wines.  -  - Overall: It might've been the wine talking, but I enjoyed myself. The food was lovely and my mouth waters thinking about the lobster ravioli.  -  - Less one star because booths and tables are really close. Upscale Italian? Meh. It felt like an Olive Garden on steroids. Less kitschy Italian homeware replicas, but still that sort of faux interior facade. Good to wow a date and special occasions, but that's about it.	2014-06-15	1	1	1
ogcwBNHAvzBtWUMAVp-cKA	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	Still one of the best buffets on The Strip. For less than $30 per person for dinner, it was a deal. Those who know me know I am not a buffet guy, but this is one of the few exceptions. Although, my one and only complaint this time is the fact that they didn't have my strawberry tart this time! F*#$%! S*&@#! I LOVED THAT D@MN TART the last time we came! Ate like 5 of them on a full stomach! So sad. 8( -  - I really like the prime rib. This time I found something else I really liked. It was a Southwest Tataki (seared) Ahi Sashimi Salad. Man I think I had three servings of the stuff. -  - Anyway, Strawberry Tart, I don't know where you have gone, but I love you. Come back home soon, so the next time I visit I can relish in your savory sweetness and gramcrackery crust.	2010-08-12	0	0	2
T_Lvi-iGip6MCQGy3g4WfA	-FCQ6tpsdpbeEJX8R_-tQQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Went to this spa last summer during my birthday celebration in Vegas... and this spa did not disappoint!! For sure a 5 star experience! My friends and I paid to use the facility only and boy was it impressive. This was the first ever spa I went to in Vegas and my second ever spa experience. A day pass here is $45, TOTALLY worth it!!! -  - You feel a sense of tranquil just entering this spa! It's beautiful, clean, and sooooo relaxing! I LOVE all the water elements! If you have a total rewards card, show them and get points for your card! They also accept spa finder gift cards. I used one to save extra money due to a promo. I think it ended up costing me only $35 to use the facility instead! They will assign you a locker and you input numbers of your choice to be the locker key code. The showers are very nice! They have a regular shower or one with like 7 shower heads! I used the one with 7 shower heads and it was heavenly!!! All products: shampoo, conditioner, lotion, hairspray, styling tools, mouthwash, deodorant, etc are there for you to use. There are many different rooms and pools here, ALL of them nice! Clothing is optional at this spa and they give you a nice fancy robe to use while inside the spa. If you forget your bathing suit, they have disposable ones that you can use... one of my friend forget hers and so she got a disposable one... she didn't like it though... but it's better than being nude, right! -  - Anyways, the roman tubs I am in love with! There is like 3 or 4 pools in that area. One that's cold, hot, bubbles... they all feel really nice and it's fun to go back and forth. They also have a shower in the middle which feels really nice. Numerous lounge chairs in this area and a few, I think 6 or so of the special stone hot chairs. Unfortunately, the stone chairs were being hoarded by some rude women who weren't even using them... they just claimed it with their stuff... Oh well, the pools feel super nice anyways.  -  - The main lounge area is amazing!! Snacks galore! 2 fridges with ALL the juice, coffee, tea you can drink! There is also fruit and pretzels available for you to snack on, which is excellent as you can work up quite an appetite just relaxing in the water! The teas are VERY good and they have lots of specialy teas as well. You can try any and as much as you want! Juices, there is apple, orange, pineapple... I had them all! The lounge chairs are comfy and there are lots of them! Magazines are available to read. You can sit and chit chat with the girls or take a nice nap. The music totally put you in a relaxing mood! -  - The different spa rooms are also very nice and fun! There is a hot, cold, steam, herbal. I think my favorite is the cold room! The cold room has snow that falls down every so often!! Yes, it's not real snow, but the foam type... but it's still fun and feels magical! I rubbed some of the foam on me and whatever it was, it made your skin feel really nice! -  - My friends and I were here for about 4 hours and we were NOT ready to leave!! In the showers they have a machine to dry your bathing suit! It was fun to use! After 4 hours of relaxing, we got ready in the beyond amazing shower area... and we had all worked up quite the appetite for the Bacchanal buffet!! The perfect way to spend my birthday day with my girls! -  - Would I come back to this spa... heck yea!! In a heartbeat!!! Unfortunately, from what I read... they are no longer allowing people who are not staying at the hotel to use the spa... that's why I can only give this spa 4 stars even thought it is a 5 star experience :(  I've soooo been wanting to go back to this spa!! -  - I'm so glad I got to experience this spa before the policy change! I don't know why they changed it... it didn't feel crowded to me at all! -  - I will now only go to spas in Vegas!! I learned my lesson with LA spas. This place DOES live up to the hype!! I guess I'll have to wait till I stay at Caeser's again to use the spa now :(	2014-01-08	0	0	5
TEAZqenDJlODss7xIGHN8A	WL-ITZuPOjH3tCrxTM9cUg	n7QzhIAJ-EDZX5QpVWP-Vw	1	The office is very hidden could not find it. I call the office to get the direction but I was on waiting for 15 minutes and after that instead of giving me the direction they ask for last name and date of birth and so on.........After she find me on the system she told me that I have to reschedule! I was even 15 minutes prior to my appointment but she said that there would be no time for paperwork.  The office staff girls are very rude even at the point that I went to get the paperwork to save time for next time. They are very ignorant and impolite! They were very closed minded to my address challenges and all they were saying was, do you want to reschedule. So Sad!	2013-07-11	1	0	1
lxJ5eu8Ra10z9BnDZe_kKQ	26DWDgTLuo4qhDbLDJHIdg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I'm a pretty big barns and noble fan over all and in general.  I like this place for a couple of reasons.  First they are open late at this location, even on Sundays.  Once I was walking around with some friends around 10pm and we were trying to think of what to do and noticed Barnes & Noble was still open which I thought was AMAZING!!! -  - I've purchased dozens of books from here and I've never had an issue with a book I couldn't find. -  - The staff is usually hard to seek out but only because they always seem to be helping people find books.  For the most part there set up is pretty easy but every once in a while there is that book I want but can't seem to find anywhere and even the workers wonder what happened to it. -  - Every once in awhile they have sales which is great because the books can get expensive.  And I love that they have a Starbucks built inside so you can buy your book, buy a latte, and sit down and read in peace. -  - It's also pretty quiet which is another plus for me.	2014-04-26	0	0	0
HaBAN_NfPcxVoMY21iflWw	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	Q46ztmdo2OAVhM6fOnc3VA	2	I really should not be eating any sushi in Arizona.  I blame myself for thinking that is was possible to get good sushi in Arizona.  Staff was fine.  It just did nothing special.	2013-05-19	2	1	1
qgsecE9OaEtmpes8_UcZqw	bp_pR4yFDKGyJwQkrMFWQQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Headed over to the Nail Room since it's a close location to my job - called them the day before to see if they had any openings and was told that they were booked for that night, so I made an appointment for the next afternoon at 5:30.  Arrived at my scheduled time and it was fairly busy that night, too.  Was told it would be about 20 minutes before I'd be seen, which was a little odd for me since I had made the appointment.  However, about 7-10 minutes of waiting and I was taken to one of the nail tables by a tech and they started to remove the current gel polish I had on, so it really wasn't so bad! -  - My nail tech was Nicole and as soon as she wrapped up with the client she was on she took over my whole appointment and was really friendly and helpful with making choices on design and color. I had made my appointment for a gel manicure and regular pedicure, so as it approached 6:30 p.m. and I was still only on the hands I was a little worried since they close at 7. However, a couple of women walked in for pedicures and they took them on back, so I felt better about the timing!   -  - When she was all set with the hands, Nicole took me on back to get the pedicure and it was relaxed and really nice despite the time.  She didn't try to rush me out or make me feel like it was hurried in anyway. I loved both my mani and pedi and couldn't have been happier with this first time visit.  Next go round I'll make my appt on the weekend at an earlier time so I'm not the person closing the place down! -  - Overall: A - An appointment is a good idea, but you can walk in here just be sure you're okay with a little wait! Great girl's night out idea!	2014-04-01	2	0	2
H8IriqZLrvxOsJ1L7UMZXA	V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	5	Orange Table- You are awesome. I love you so much that my boyfriend Dave T. knew that coming here for a romantic brunch on our anniversary would be my perfect day-date. Everytime I come here I always say, this time I'll eat actual breakfast food, alas the Rustler calls to me. I change it up in my own way on olive bread and with sprouts instead of lettuce and it is delicious every single time.  -  - I stare at people in disbelief when they say they have never eaten here before. They have no clue the hidden gem they are missing out on. Your location is perfect, the food is excellent, service is always on point and extra friendly. As Dave said in his review, yes I would love to come here at least once a month for the rest of our lives (that means you're going to need to be in business for a reeeeeally long time) and if I could justify the cost, I'd start every one of my weekends off here.	2013-05-23	0	0	1
n9Bwh9Ap8WTVFfj3cwlVhw	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	wKe3QUUWvZtAFDcBvTvrnA	3	yummy!!!!  Love the pizza, hate the wait.  It is a great place to go in the fall/spring when sitting outside is enjoyable.	2013-08-04	0	0	0
UL9lpYjYb1qQFyGUHte-Yw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	IOBOiXUAfyAYDqz3F4uSaw	4	So not such a well-kept secret, but there is no sign and it is not on the map, so it's not well known. Good slice, and for the price in Vegas, you can't beat it. I had the white pizza, which was really good for sure. We weren't drunk, but after a night of drinking I believe this would be just the place! Unpretentious, especially for Vegas...gotta love it!	2014-07-14	0	0	0
Yai2i0oV0_5IxjCFWhsrMA	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	U4jJRAu06Ya2yV-50kfPcw	5	Saturday 12:30 a.m. You'll find cool, hip, modern-urban people here trying to have a good time, for the most part.  You'll have to walk in, through and around the crowds to find your niche conversation with authentic, real minds ready to have an open talk with you.  It takes a few moments to filter through the fake characters that are just there to be furniture in the scenery.  -  - Topics on music festivals, your area of study, occupations, place of origin, vacation spots, existentialism, viewpoints on abortion, immigration, drug policy, healthcare and student loans all ran the gambit of speech. Each person giving their opinion, respectfully, for logical scrutiny, which is all fine and dandy for a prospering democracy. -  - The bartenders in the outside bar were a bit half-ass, trying to pose for the camera, figuratively speaking of course, so I didn't bother tipping them, since I'm use to Austin bartenders who hustle to get you your drink to earn that tip.   -  - For Phoenix ,it seems like one of the top places to drink, potentially, with progressive, liberal, art-minded people.	2012-05-19	0	0	0
ZH8KOgH7lG0sVmjYq0XfsA	Q6exnM7RmHdNMZqegdrmoA	THneaiQiebI4v3vq34h3dw	5	I have been a part of the Simply Dentistry family since day one.  The staff there is amazing.  Now I am not one of those people who does not like to visit the dentist office.  I have found Dr. Tran to be one of the kindest and most knowledgable dentist I have ever seen.   -  - I have heard horror stories of people who visit the dentist and get "up saled" but I have not found that to be case here.   -  - The whole office is eco-friendly and is decorated in a very modern style.  -  - I am not sure if other dentist offices allow you to watch TV while getting your teeth cleaned but I am able to put on the Game Show network (which doesn't work to well to yell out the answers) but its still great.	2011-06-24	0	0	0
5oI6vAreT9sar-9yuz-g5A	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	KUtzHIs-Y2Va3STDlWa0iA	4	Great burger and shakes place in the newly opened Cosmopolitan. The sliders I had were awesome....crispy pork belly with hoisin sauce and their flagship Holstein burger sliders. The perfect cure for a Vegas hangover. -  - Service (like everywhere at the Cosmopolitan) was super friendly and approachable. I hope they can keep it up!	2010-12-26	0	0	1
S8EFOL1Ytd_faESdgQZnZg	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	4	Had a great experience venturing off-Strip for weekend brunch! This place was super popular on Yelp and won so many local awards, we were forced to check it out. Arrived early afternoon, there was pretty much no wait, even though there were some customers lingering near the entrance inside and the place was still full! Service was extremely down-to-earth, friendly, and attentive! -  - This place has a huge menu (in the form of a "newspaper"...if that gives you some idea). There were so many choices it was really hard to decide on just one =( The variety is vast, but the bulk of the items were simple, straightforward, typical breakfast dishes with unique modifications/twists or add-ons. My husband's chile relleno omelet was such a great idea for an omelet...the juicy chile and the cheese tasted amazing wrapped in egg! My benedict's garden (vegetarian version of egg's benedict) was superb as well. Even though one of the items listed in my dish was guacamole, I was SO pleasantly surprised when it arrived NOT as guacamole, but pretty much a whole avocado sliced up!!! You don't get that often, even in California! +10 points for that! The whole combination of poached eggs, hollandaise sauce, and avocado was such a delicious creamy mix, and perfectly-balanced by the crisp freshness of the tomatoes. I basically devoured it in under 5 minutes...and then had to wait for the husband to finish his plate *rolls eyes.* We both agreed that their seasoned potatoes were freaking AMAZING. We don't know what kind of seasoning they use, but it reminded us of Cajun and it was to die for. I wish they sold it by the bottle! -   - Wonderful place, with reasonable prices (total with tax came out to be $27) and a great cup of coffee as well. The awesome staff makes it even better!	2013-08-04	0	0	0
DPPj7WdwdpBjUIEwWkXYzA	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	4	So this is one of three we tried at this price level and it was good all around, if it weren't for one large eeww moment.  My rating is based on the Ribeye as I have based all other reviews on this. -  - We were slowly walked to our table and told a couple of interesting facts.  Listen to her or you'll miss out on something special.  She seated the wife and placed our napkins on our laps, how cool!! -  - We started out with a welcome and an explanation of the ipad list of wines and cocktails.  It seems you can add your selections through the ipad, added them and spent some time looking for the dinner menu.  Note to anyone else, only drinks can be selected.  the dinner menu comes later.  We ordered the Pimm's Cup and The Drifter.  OMG, the best combination of drinks we had on the strip, by far!!! -  - In comes the steak display, mirrors and all, with the Kobe placed on top.  At this point, 4 people have been to our table and talked with us in one way or another.  A sign of great things to come. -  - We then proceed to order the Maine Lobster (Chorizo filled) as our appetizer, Ribeye with the Loaded Baked Potato and the Beef Wellington with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon.  This is where the eww comes in.  Apon the delivery of the Wellington, my wife found a hair in the glazed root vegetables.  Luckily she found it before we began to eat and the waiter was very apologetic and took it back.  As anyone would do, I sat there waiting for her meal to be redone as my Ribeye sat in front of me.  The waiter then came back and asked if I would like mine kept warm and of course I said yes.  Refire done and meals back on the table in about 5 minutes. -  - At this point my wife was so turned off by the hair, that her experience has marked her for life and will not return.  But on the other hand, I truly enjoyed both pieces of meat and only found a couple of bites of gristle in the Ribeye.  Now half way through the meal a manger came up and apologized for the mishap and comped her meal.  What??  Only hers??  I guess that's fair since I did enjoy mine. -  - Of course we couldn't leave here without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Cappuccino which comes with three spoons of Dark, White and Milk Chocolate to mix in.  Both were fabulous and they did put a smile back on the wifes face. -  - At this point, I think about 8 people now have been to our table and would explain the higher cost in meals versus the others.  It was very hard for me to choose the rating because the food was great and mistakes do happen, so I will keep to my rating of the Ribeye.	2013-03-08	1	2	2
crz63EbKYCtuHy35PzDvoQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	Lq19EfZtOB0lRWH39saEyg	5	3..4...5...times ive tried this place, finnally a YELP review.. -  - located in Planet Hollywood, PINKS hotdogs right outside =) -  - a week ago, i truly found my love of all sandwiches - THE HAWAIIAN BBQ! i seriously i have no words to explain this sandwich.. a tropical blast of flavors as it melts into your mouth..crunchy toasted bread and then when u feel like its gnna be crispy when you bite into it, the juices explode..from the meet and from the pinapples and from the bbq sauce.. OMYYY -  - my first time here, i had the FULL MONTAGU and i top of that, their tomato bisque, a perfect combo for a late night dinner...i mixed it up, i used half the sandwhich as a dip sandwhich, the other half, ate it by itself! i cant believe that although theyre a sandwhich place, they also have amazing soup! -  - this place is always a  must stop for vegas goeers..ill be coming to see you again this week EARL! be ready for me	2010-08-22	0	0	0
EP9sXF9Wt7ChDLNDZqV60g	WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw	IewBj3aDep_I391ry22RhA	5	There is never nothing I don't like about an IKEA store! The atmosphere is just amazing and the items are literally my favorite items from any store ever. My whole room is furnished with ikea. I will never not love ikea, it's like a home away from home.	2014-06-16	0	0	0
GXcsqhd0eGhG6mFkIVhO5g	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	LLOWWnJ9XctClLOBZgBy1g	3	Nestled into a posh shopping district of Scottsdale Culinary Dropout offers a little flair to the upper crust. A variety of hand crafted cocktails are available and are only $10 each if my memory serves me correctly.  -  - It was a Saturday night and I arrive with my party of three after eight pm. We waited in a VERY packed bar area for over an hour. Once seated it was pretty nice.  -  - It was a celebratory dinner and we tried almost all the appetizers. The cheese and meat selection are particularly impressive. I'm a cheese fan and CD does  has an excellent selection. The pretzels and cheese where also a good app to share among hungry friends who had been drinking at the bar for more than an hour before dinner. -  - It was a nice place. I'd err on the side of saying it was a little to "Ed Hardy" for my taste with patrons trying to look "rock-n-roll", but that's the vibe and you know that going in.  -  - Good food, good time. Minus the long wait.	2011-08-15	0	0	0
RIZPpqaL2pQa56DdfcNCoA	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Not a bad buffet. Came here for breakfast when I did the buffet of buffets. For breakfast... I can't say there is anything really "special" about it. They do make FRESH hot crepes here, which are in fact very yummy!!! The line however, is very long... I suggest getting in line when you fill like you may be starting to fill up because by the time you get your food, you will be hungry again!! LOL. I got 2 crepes, as did most people because the line is so long, you might as well get 2 crepes. I got a sweet and savory crepe. There is a menu board that list the types of crepes available, but you can order a custom one if you want. They will make whatever crepe you want within reason. I got a banana nutella one and for my savory, a chicken with asparagus. Both were flavorful and delicious!! Right outside the buffet is a crepe place... charging $10.50 a crepe... my 2 crepes already covered the cost of breakfast, $20 here! LOL. -  - I think next time I would try lunch or dinner to see if it's really as good as I remembered since I think the crepes are offered all day. I was thinking it was just breakfast so that's why I had breakfast here. Breakfast tasted better than average. There was a good variety and the mini waffles were just so cute! A lot of sausage variety also and at least 3 types of potatoes that I saw! I didn't like the potato triangles as they were too dry, but the hash browns were good and so were the sliced potatoes (can't remember what it's called) -  - When I left, it had switched over to lunch, but I was too full already to go try lunch. Fresh crepes is why this place deserves a 4 star! -  - This was the only buffet we had to wait it... about 30 minutes. This is also the only buffet that you can make a reservation with via open table. I did not try that, so I'm not sure how well that works...	2013-11-26	0	0	2
aGDtVZcMtrw30amP1ZCq1Q	tWEYt-sTRGHEaV8l27I14w	jYBqqRCpQLhAOCJ_HvBq7g	5	Coolest h&m ever! They had the cutest brown female menswear shoes that I should have gotten but I didn't because I was being a cheap bastard and didn't have anymore room in my suitcase for anything else! The store was well positioned which was good because I didn't have to search like I was looking for Waldo which is common at other h&m's that I've been too.	2010-12-29	0	0	0
wSkiptDEjJFiyTdleO-HWg	MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I like this place a lot.  I took my little brother here and he had such a blast there with the other kids.  I'm an adult and I found myself playing tug-o-war with the kids and next thing I knew a bunch of other adults were jumping in with the kids and we ended up doing a boys vs girl war. -  - I love their multiple levels of different things to do and their exhibits that they change out like when they did the Da Vinci exhibit, the pirate exhibit, and more.  This is a great place to take kids, they always have lots of fun. -  - Now the only downside is the planetarium movies are expensive!  Before taking my brother I went onto their website to look at what movies they'd have airing, I saw 4 I wanted to go check out and even though the movies are fast like 15 mins to 45 mins depending on what you're watching, it would have cost me over WELL over $50 for the two of us to go see those 4 movies. That's on top of paying for admission to the Science Center. -  - The place is great, I just wish the movies were cheaper.	2014-04-24	1	0	0
trBQ3GNTAb3dlKDW0MQIhg	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	XM8hhpCeARsccxvPlnzlKg	3	I was pleasantly surprised at the clean, modern looking establishment that's opened 24hrs a day. They had screens that announced your order in both English and Vietnamese. Too bad the food doesn't deliver. Many of the sandwiches are filled with too much mayo or whatever fatty stuff that is. The pate chaud was not that best I've had either. I tried the Bun with grilled meat and cha goi (egg roll) which was mediocre.  -  - 1 star for nice and clean restaurant - 1 star for being opened 24hrs - 1 star for serving Vietnamese food	2012-08-15	0	0	0
enRlNo3DMXB1XiUgfdoxDA	84c2it9SM3XajJHltybpgg	S6AvVYHwd949SIwIvcwB8w	2	I called to make an appointment (and have been apprehensive for months) today because I couldn't take the pain in my back anymore. I had an AWFUL experience at massage envy a while back and wouldn't ever go back there. They said they could take me today, and I went over about an hour later. I filled out the packet and was taken into the room right away. I must note that in the form I filled out it asked if I liked chit-chat, or silence, if I liked light medium or heavy pressure, if I liked music or silence, etc. Please explain to me why this guy talked non-stop (he was nice though) and put so much pressure on me that I was brought to tears. Do they ever READ these forms? Ugh. I pre-paid up front for an hour and a half, but wanted it to be over so badly that I said he could just do an hour and then keep the rest as his tip. Do I think he deserved a $20 tip? No way. But did I want it over with so bad that I was willing to forego 30 minutes to get the hell out of there? Yes! I do not like massages that cause pain. This guy was telling me it is supposed to hurt. What?! If I have a kink somewhere, I'd rather it take 5 sessions with you being gentle, than trying to force it out in one session. It has been 4 hours now, and I still can not sit down.  I work from home and design all day. I am staring at a computer and unknowingly at times do not sit properly which I am sure is causing the pain. However, I can afford to come back more than once. Like I said... They guy seemed nice, and I was glad they took me right away (well I suppose until I started crying). Because the guy I had specializes in injuries, so I'm sure it's hard for him not to force pressure. I will go back again, this time making an appointment for someone who focuses on therapeutic massages and re-review. But for now, my 2 stars stand. Like me. Who can't sit. :(	2013-05-31	0	0	0
ArxmIm_60G5O8lu7XLogVg	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	Q46ztmdo2OAVhM6fOnc3VA	4	I have been here several times.  I had the wagyu beef burger.  It was almost as good as the first time I ate this burger.  I ordered it medium rare.  It was served the right temperature, but for some reason it was not juicy.  It needed a bit more fat in the meat.  I also had onion rings.  Just excellent.  The star of the meal was the black and white milk shake.   Completely awesome!  Service was very quick and friendly.  This will not be my last visit.	2014-05-30	0	0	0
fvujhlbcDqj00dzRjCYlPA	EkVVyv9lsB02qE0kXpuccA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	I really love this place.  The clothes are sooo cute and the prices are great.  I got two sun dresses the other day for $30 dollars each. The sales staff is nice and helpful.  They gave me honest opinions on the clothes I tried on, which was nice.  I've been jonesin to go back.	2009-05-11	1	1	2
9MlJwZ-ZL0W9ohcJN8iypA	iZFBEWy5goKIspxXLVmcpg	9_ACsBy6NmWRtbvuw-mLmw	5	Love this place! I am a thrift store addict so I have made my way around quite a few thrift stores in my time.  -  - The charity shop itself with the clothes and everything is laid out very nicely - always clean and organized. I have bought several sweaters and miscellaneous items here on occasion.  -  - The really great stuff is next door though in their bookshop. Wowwie wowwie! They have so many amazing books. I've even been in there a few times looking for a particular one and they've had it! With an awesome-sauce price tag attached to it too! For the win! -  - I could, and have, stayed in this book store for hours. I have fingered through the entire huge box a the front register with millions of different awesome post cards. I have forked over the teeny pence to buy one of said postcards. I have framed said postcard in my teeny flat because it was just such a wee cute picture of a naked man taken by Mr. Andy Warhol. Yes, random indeed.  -  - This. place. is. awesome.  -  - the end.	2011-11-09	1	0	1
_17bUK1M5mIRbGQW6feqpA	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	oYewMPXEOy4yfy3nPb2Wzw	3	I first heard about this infamous "Pho " house from my hubby, we laughed about the name, and said only in Vegas... - My son said, "this place has a controversial name...", LOL. (we didn't think he'd notice) -  - Normally, I don't leave the Casinos, not even to eat.     = O -  - But, we were on our way out, so we stopped here. (we obviously lost and were eating cheap...)   = ( -  - I have to say I didn't know what to expect, vietnamese hooters girls, "would you like spring roll mister?!?", while playing sleazy porno music...bada bow bow... (my lame try at cheesy porn music), dimly lit with sticky tables. But I figured, yes, I've gotta see this place for myself. (I'm crajee like that) (Korean for crazy) -  - It is located in an Asian strip mall, packed parking lot, so watch out, if you know what I mean...  ; p -  - The place is actually pretty decent inside, it has obviously been expanded from it's original layout. Looks like your typical Chinese family style restaurant. Thank goodness there were other kids in the restaurant... there could of been a screeching of disco records as we walked in with our 12 yr old...  -  - As soon as we walked in we were greeted and taken to a table and given menus. I love Thai Iced Tea and Thai Iced Coffee.... (ask for extra half and half on the side and you can elongate your drink, I always do) The servers are pretty courteous as well as efficient, and the food was decent, the orders did not come out as fast as I would of expected from the given service. This was the only problem. They had  brought my order out wrong and we didn't want to have to wait again for the right dish. So needless to say wasn't too thrilled about that Pho Kim Long wait for the wrong food.   -  - That is why they only get 3 stars from me, besides the place better be "Pho King" Amazing to deserve more stars.  - That's a good name "Pho King", or "Pho King Good", hmmmn... - (probably been done....Phok) -  - We are all so Phonny....not. (slapping my own face) -  - They are OPEN 24 hrs... duh...Vegas.	2010-09-26	0	0	0
GcRebJcUxppHYdiI95P7NQ	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	eGlNVaO-s7vX8N3_WjHMLQ	3	Stopped in here for a late lunch before take-off back home, and the view of the Strip and relaxed atmosphere really took me in. I had the French dip sandwich, which is brisket on some of the best challah I've had - seriously good. My mom had the ABLT with fresh avocado, tons and tons of bacon, spicy chipotle mayo, and flavorful tomatoes; it's so huge that they bring it out on a huge cutting board. -  - Service was just OK, my iced tea was refilled when it needed to be, but we weren't really asked how our meal was. I felt like our waitress was rushing us out, but we weren't looking to linger and miss our flight, so that was OK. Also, our sandwiches came with nothing! No pretzels to begin, nothing on the side - fries cost extra and they ain't cheap. The sandwiches were really good, though, and delicious food hides a multitude of sins.	2010-05-11	0	0	0
SL9OHNErfmD13_nSidz5hw	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	vYvIxVpNmx7oUkBVwZALMQ	2	During my thanksgiving vacation my first dinner in Vegas is pink's hot dog. I was told the pink hot dog is the most famous one in Hollywood. Since I never got a chance to visit the Hollywood one, we decided to give it a try and see how their "Hollywood" tastes. -  - My Planet Hollywood dog comes with some bacon and melted cheese, along with the hot dog. It was not that bad but I did feel a little bit ripped off. I guess anyone who has bacon, American cheddar, hot dog and bun could easily make a planet Hollywood dog at home with a much lower price. Is it because it's on the strip and they need to pay for the rent and renovation (and advertising as well)?  -  - I would think even the Costco hot dog has more cost-performance value than Pink's at Las Vegas. After visiting this store, I think I need to find out how the real SoCal, Hollywood Pink's Hot Dog tastes, not the fake Hollywood! -  - Oh by the way - don't order their fries. Very expensive and small portion.	2009-12-01	1	1	1
e9wSq2HlNOJBtj3U8zJZGg	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Went back again....this time for their famous blueberry pecan french toast. It was just like bread pudding...light, fluffy and extremely delicious. I was only able to get through about 1/2 of it. The kids chowed down on their usual cinnamon crunch french toast. We also had a lovely chat with the manager, Steve Bell. Super cool guy and was great with my kids (my daughter loved him). He was very helpful when I asked him questions about their gluten free options (my mom suffers from Celiac disease). We will be back very soon...this time with mom/grammy in tow. Thanks again Steve :)	2011-02-18	2	0	1
bXw8aC8xHK6EDWiUUdlpjg	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	V3ITtKg7jkHNWOU0aod7eA	3	Since my original review the location has been renovated to accommodate more people and has been modernized.  -  - Although to me it has lost the charm that the smaller locale had, the food is the same great tasting chicken and waffles, grits, catfish, etc. and wait staff is nice and attentive.	2013-08-17	0	0	0
wJrvcscCPdcok_x7FFEh4Q	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	OjYUBg2IgOM3gd6O2PVv7g	5	Words cannot describe the intense deliciousness of the food here. While I agree with other reviewers that $9/bottle for still water is absurd and the hostess is a bit off-putting, the quality of the food and its preparation just blew me away. Get the Beef Wellington. Seriously. It's so unbelievably tender and amazing; by far the best beef I've ever had in my entire life. There are no vegetarian options on the menu (it's a steakhouse after all) but a vegetarian could make a wonderful meal just from the side dishes. I went with 3 other diners and we each got a side: fingerling potatoes (they are the most AMAZING potatoes you will eat...perfectly roasted, delightfully salted, and you can definitely taste the truffle), mac & cheese (I imagine this is what they serve in heaven), caramelized  Brussels sprouts (very good), and the loaded baked potato. Skip the loaded baked potato in favor of the fingerlings. Double up on the mac & cheese. Heck, order a second Beef Wellington to go. I wish I had! -  - Edited to add: We were really full and going to pass on dessert, but the waiter said the Sticky Toffee Pudding would be life changing. He was correct.  -  - For those who care about ambiance, I thought this was a great place. It's intimate enough for a romantic date yet lively enough for a group. The music was set at a very good volume - loud enough to be noticeable and enjoyable and keep you from overhearing the people at the next table, not so loud that you have to shout to people at your own table.	2013-06-20	0	0	0
2iXsrGdv_qA5JgVoCbWKHQ	QygMZmPO8A6OaJYO2a0pnw	x-bdxzO33EczjIy4YwOnbw	5	Amazing experience and excellent customer service!   The salon is well decorated in white and citrus green, very well kept and clean and they carry a great variety of beauty products.  I had a full set of lash extensions (first time ever) with Jayme and she a fantastic job!  She made sure I was comfortable through the entire session.   The manager, Lori, checked in with me and made sure that I was happy with the services I received.  Will be going back for my fills and to try the other services they provide - definitely recommend!!	2013-07-10	1	0	1
DYV6M_9L43CxfpvLmX-sCg	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	TiT7hBkazxXKLVFT42uBbQ	3	Had my 30th bday party here last October 2013. We had a party of 14 and reservations were made and were treated and sat accordingly. Food was amazing. This would be my 5th Brazilian steakhouse experience and it would rank 2nd behind greenfield in Long Beach,Ca. They have brisket :)   But this place is a close 2nd. The filet was great along with the skirt steak. The only reason I removed stars is because they would not allow us to eat my girlfriends homemade birthday cupcakes that we brought through tsa and multiple cab rides just to get them to the dinner table . They wanted to charge us a $4 per person for a dessert serving fee even they would not be serving it. I understand bringing your own dessert losses revenue but we just spent $800 at your restaurant, exceptions could have been made. I even went to the mgr but he explained the same thing as the waiter I asked. Other then that, the food and experience made the birthday dinner great. I would return, but not on my birthday. ;)	2014-04-07	0	0	1
uSyiepfxljLpJY1BpdGx1w	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	Vcg87EqE0gDMlNIxQe9L7w	4	Very solid (but unoriginal) breakfast spot. Didn't see a single unique or interesting item on the menu but the short stack I got (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 3 slices of bacon) was satisfying. Nothing was greasy, bacon was high quality and well cooked, pancakes were adequate. Not sure how this place has 4.5 stars over so many reviews due to the plainness of just about everything but I also couldn't point to anything bad about the meal.	2014-05-31	0	0	0
evYdFUNh_ZqpZN81yIC8oQ	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	I2pUg-DeaOWaSwgcUcjilA	5	Romantic, great food, amazing views and excellent service.  I have no complains, can't wait to go back again.   This place is known for proposals and we were lucky to witness one right next to us.	2011-09-05	0	0	0
x1d7wxpxte9eU3S8DDWaAA	VLRmecRseHP8ZLljlp7CFw	Pu5ki660EGyk3Ugg-GxEsQ	5	It's great to be able to voice your opinion about retail experiences ... but it's so much better when it turns bad experiences into great ones.  -  - The owner of Kidstop reached out to me and apologized for the poor experience we had last year, so we went back yesterday and found exactly what we had hoped for the first time: Great personal service, down to earth, no-nonsense policies, and now two stores (Baby Stop) right next to each other. -  - Kate, the owner, and her (new) staff were energetic, thoughtful and great at suggesting things for our daughter. They clearly had passion for the products and their business, which I always find contagious and inspiring. We walked away with a great toy and are looking forward to giving our business here for years to come. Feels better than frequenting generic, big-box stores.	2013-06-25	0	0	0
OCNsf4vfqcuN9jv-SV9eMQ	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	IUYeHYyYAcL6SKbeVI92AQ	5	Our first time here and had a fantastic dinner.   Our drinks were unique and refreshing.  Although it was 100 degrees, we sat outside under cool misters.  Our server, Meghan, was very knowledgeable about the menu and had a great personality.  We'll be back!	2010-09-27	1	1	1
4fx29pmHCECizMs5Yav4wg	WhBxWYRj6rycigYqdXY9cA	IJ3m1dLcXv_NjDlXQ5J8Iw	3	This is the second time I've been here, and I was a bit disappointed.  I got a "Wisconsin Mac and Cheese," and I might have been a bit optimistic when I ordered it.  I've never really had an above-average Mac and Cheese at a restaurant, and this fit right into that experience.  Last time I was here, I had gotten a a sausage platter that was a bit better.   -  - Service was sort of slow and awkward.  This might have been a fluke, but I wouldn't bet on it. -  - The beer was on the good side of the normal range, so I have no complaints about that.  I got their red lager, which was satisfying enough for a lunch drink. -  - I'd like to go again, since I had a better experience last time, and I feel like this might have been a bad combination of choice and timing on my part.	2011-04-16	0	0	0
cLSVB6xmcGSUZ8KF926NTA	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	4	Fantastic food.  I think if I had to pick a favorite all time entree, it would be the stone crabs.  Everything on the menu we have ever ordered, has been fantastic. -  - The atmosphere, or rather lack thereof, is not the greatest.  It is a big noisy room, that is not that much different than an Outback.  Then again, atmosphere is not why one goes to Joe's. -  - We have been to Joe's too many times to count, and normally the service is 5 star, however our waiter was slow, and when we told him we had been here numerous times, he still treated us like newbies, explaining all policies and menu items in great detail.  It was a bit tedious. -  - We will certainly go back.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
s_CdQeVQOqgBLoFt4hUGNQ	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	5	My favorite BBQ joint by far. Portions are generous, sauces are amazing, and I absolutely love the deep fried pickles. My only wish is that one would open up near me in Northern California!	2010-06-22	0	0	0
TLx-7czYbz21Jr_SBBqRqQ	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	QcrDZ9MFb6-9aGAo0hnVvQ	5	Love this place three time here!!	2014-03-21	0	0	0
lacpL7JKLWUCs5AITAV6dw	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	T9qMLtHbbBXDjOCGiRPJ5g	5	Amazing.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven and I was only having the 1st couse of the $145/person tasting menu- - Appetizer to start-Grilled hawaiian shrimp, variety of Beets,  Arugula and cucumber in a light vinegaret, variety of Heirloom tomatoes w/fresh basil - Entree: Kobe flat iron grill steak, and Kobe rib-eye both so tender and so flavor, I wanted to savor every single bit and last but not least was the Lobster stewed in saffron butter (OMG, the meat was juicy, sweet and there portions were very generous.  The entrees came with sides of the smoothest and most buttery mash potatoes, chanterelles, variety of baby carrots. - Dessert:3  flavors of sorbet-coconut, pineapple and cantalope and 3 flavors of ice cream-peanut butter (not the jiffy kind, this was more like a peanut toffee), chocolate, and caramel.  Fingerling donuts with a caramel dipping sauce, Chocolate lava cake (gooey chocolate surround by nuts), blueberry tart (the tart was so butter and so good I thought my arteries were going to clog) and finally fresh fruit which was the blueberries(so sweet) and pineapple chunks.   - I can't say enough about the skills the chefs must have but this is the best dinner experience I have ever had.  It was worth it in the quality of food and the service was impeccable.  Highly recommendl	2007-08-21	1	0	2
39RRwAeiBE01UC8OR56HTg	RlrqwlKKAwzyxBAVoFMwBA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	This visit focused on work gear and apparel only.  They have a nice inventory of Under Armour apparel and shoes. It's also priced less than other uniform and sporting good shops around the valley. Ten to twenty dollars less! Plus if your law enforcement agency contracts with them, they will give you an additional 15% discount.  Sales staff is always knowledgeable,friendly and helpful.   -  - They did have a good inventory on guns this time around  and found some priced up to $50 below some of the places we go to. But like I said I kept Mr. B's focus on just shopping for work gear this time since he has enough toys already.	2013-07-25	4	3	6
xsK-DIseUxyLOxB5YfAN3Q	Bm1OdFUtvf-PuWAKUyItaA	HAPeOwz8g3D8LNwPDf0aVA	5	Jason is absolutely fantastic! He gave me a great cut and showed me how to make my hair look way thicker than it actually is (I have really fine hair). The scalp massage was pretty baller, too. Would definitely recommend going here if you're looking for a great stylist. :D	2012-11-08	2	0	2
z9Zu9gpLp-jFMbdw0sqRsQ	Ensu96ecI0OReupNS2x7ig	ysGiD3bMHO3wBw9UAEiwsw	4	If i were to be reviewing this solely on my experience, I would probably give Gallagher's 5 stars. Alas, not everyone at my table enjoyed their food, so I shall proceed with the 4 star rating. -  - Steak was great and the restaurant was accommodating since we pushed back our reservation an hour. The rib eye was huge, (18 oz.) and I was glad with my decision to share it. I always order my steaks medium- rare and more often then not they come out on the medium side instead of the rare side. Gallagher's however, did a great job at nailing the perfect medium-rare. For sides we ordered creamed spinach, broccoli au gratin and mac n cheese. All were fantastic but if you have an aversion to bacon for whatever reason, they put it in their mac. I however, love bacon and thoroughly enjoyed it. -  - My friend ordered the sea bass, which was their special and it came out quite overdone. We informed the waiter and he took it back immediately, but then shortly after proceeded to tell us thats how ALL the sea bass were coming out. We found this a bit odd but she settled on some salmon and he brought her an extra side of mac to make up for it. -  - In conclusion, Gallagher's is a very good steakhouse. Is it the best? Likely not, but I'll have to investigate a bit further to find out...	2013-05-13	0	0	0
GOGAPx5CfvwR20FvVepsgQ	J4qLz0nGzCTMf6-kf_SiQg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	3	This was the only place we found to eat at 4am inside the Mirage hotel. Since we were staying at this hotel, we decided to find a quick bite here. For the wee hours, there was a good amount of people eating here. Lots of intoxicated characters too. -  - Lots of sandwiches on the menu here. I went with the chicken noodle soup. I was tempted to add the matzo ball too but it would've turned into an $8+ soup so I left that out. I was craving soup and it hit the spot. My friend who got the same thing agreed. I ordered the French toast which was very good. I only had a slice before my drunken-tired friend devoured the rest of it. It was probably a good call anyhow, it was late and I was ready to pass out. -  - All in all, this wasn't a bad place. It's not as cheap as it may seem. So if you're broke from the tables or have spent all your money in the clubs, make sure you have enough to pay for the meal here.	2009-06-01	0	0	0
JJ8O0uEuNPB3ek0QxXrLtg	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	MK-EScC1QNysVmb5XESqzQ	2	Received an email from Pappadeaux advertising crawfish special on Wednesday and Thursdays after 3pm. So, me and my family of 8 made the 1 hour and 45 minute drive and we were excited as we haven't had crawfish in a long time.  We were seated at 5 pm and the menus stated the crawfish is available at 5. Ok, no biggie.  I place my order then I'm told "sorry we don't have any crawfish". So I ordered the soft shell crab and my son ordered the steak Oscar medium rare.  Our food arrived, mine is ice cold, my son's steak is still mooing and my sister's food was cold.  The server asked us once in a 2 hour time frame if we needed anything.  I will NOT waste my gas to make the trip here again.	2013-03-14	0	0	0
NSjfTabwsX46frGRKmhmhA	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	GQ8qDvEJxWRw7-zGhtgHbA	3	Crunchy Cinnamon Raisin French Toast - DELICIOUS. Coated in Cinnamon Toast Crunch, this was the best breakfast item out of all the things I ordered. They gave you a good hefty serving too. -  - The steak - really quite terrible. My medium-rare steak was super thin, dried out, under-seasoned, medium-well, and tasted mostly like char. It was super disappointing. -  - At least they had real fresh squeezed orange juice, a staple of any brunch place. Too bad it wasn't good enough to wash away the taste of burned steak from my mouth. For a place that has "steak" in the name, they sure know how to serve a half-disappointing brunch.	2012-07-09	0	0	0
5Temq6XRoeSPR_q1NMKqWg	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	6h44huyWGMuNI9z_-PV0Ig	3	First time at cherry blossom cafe, the food is very good 4 stars, however my server in particular very very rude and not helpful with menu questions, took him 20 minutes to bring the bread and appetizer, we ask for a side of rice in the middle of our food, we had to ask other servers for it, he just forgot, very bad attitude, I say to those guys if you don't like your job, do something else, don't serve people	2014-03-02	0	1	0
NEhTnxjudgeAZjJmSEi1uQ	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	G027C4DLWV-9CAZKy5wbsg	3	After almost an hour wait to get seated, we waited another half for our food. While the place gives off a nice ambiance, the wait was not really worth it for the food. To top it off, the water glasses were dirty and our waiter was not that attentive... They forgot our meal coffee and juice until I reminded them. Save yourself some time and spend your $30 a plate somewhere in the forums.	2011-01-18	0	0	0
0-XQDigeW2lwwplgrG6zxQ	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	BMO1gWhuqtkkmH_X1sNxpg	5	so. much. meat.	2013-11-23	0	0	0
t8iEzJdM-imWi72aaJcPPQ	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	One of us had a craving for burgers so checked my handy Yelp app to see what was nearby. BAM! Steak N Shake was the one that Mr. B and I agreed on. It's a Midwest childhood favorite of his and I like their mid afternoon Happy Hour menu where drinks and shakes are half off!  -  - Anytime we have visited here the place is pretty busy and not very many vacant tables but we get seated right away. The wait during mid afternoon is never less that five minutes.  -   - Greasy burgers I kid you not!  Especially if you order the Wisconsin Buttery Burger. I justified ordering this since it's my cheat day/weekend and I deprive myself of butter laden everything lately. The burger makers must have knew that too because when I got my plate that burger was dripping in a pool of buttah! No lie! It didn't help either that the grilled onions were dripping in grease as well. Pretty much the bottom part of my bun was soaked in a combination of butter and grease. ICK .. Lucky I don't eat much bread so no loss on me. It is what it is called The BUTTERY burger, but that was bit much. -   - The steak burger patties are thin, seasoning wise it's MIA. Good thing for the fry seasoning by the table, I added some and it gave it a little punch to both my burger and skinny fries.  Hmm maybe that's how they're designed to be made plain, make you add your own seasoning in hopes that you'll buy a bottle (because that's exactly what I did!)  -  - PLUS POINTS for Cloth napkins - Name a fast food chain / casual place that has them..I can't think of any.  -  - Shakes ...they are thick, really rich. I like getting strawberry/banana. They give you plenty, I never can finish it. Happy Hours it's a bargain so it's no biggie that I waste 1/2 of my shake. -   - Service - This is where I have a beef! (pardon the pun) - Sometimes it's great and on point, other times service is not there. Like our server this past visit. Once we got our burger order and our ticket, that was that.  We wanted to add milkshakes but we didn't see our server nor any other servers in the dining area for about five minutes.  Even the diners in the immediate area were wondering where the heck the servers were.  So MINUS points here. -  - Our meal for two with burgers, fries, chili  drinks and the milkshakes came just over twenty one bucks.That's pretty cheap.  It's probably why we don't mind coming here. But I'll hold off on the butter next time.	2013-08-05	7	7	8
qnnBPmyvXCBWEPL7Xahelw	jh7S78tc9oXCDjAjP_OrLw	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	3	I was in the mood for Indian while visiting Las Vegas and I liked that they offer a free mango lasi for checking in on Yelp. -  - The first time I visit an Indian restaurant I stick with certain dishes. I ordered the malai kofta, chicken tikka masala, samosas, and garlic naan bread. The naan bread was the best part of the meal. It was well made and came out piping out. The samosas were so oily that I barely touched then. The malai kofta had a nice flavor, but I did not enjoy the chicken tikka masala at all. It tasted a little like feet.  -  - My meal wasn't terrible but I didn't like that they charged for both the rice and the naan bread. One is usually complimentary when you order an entree. I probably would not return because there are plenty of Indian restaurants to try in Las Vegas.	2013-12-23	0	0	0
nptswCtoHcJo3JrtxVHEhg	tn5SXZvWiT-uVsjXLGSrww	tUtlCpzGh6yPXyvXYi4vIA	5	Fresh seafood but lobster is tiny. I guess I was expecting more but price is reasonable so it wasn't so so bad.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
numre-2zMx_7YMlkbNvCIA	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	7esx22pqCIsmchXcFtjYaQ	4	Delicious iced coffee!	2011-07-27	0	0	0
TtrNygRPczi09iMiysv8DA	M9iAeKY3TH-aGOYfi3Kdgw	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	2	My issue with this location wasn't the wait, but the staff. They were snapping at each other, complaining about patients, and all within earshot of the waiting room.  They were talking about this one couple who walked in 1 MINUTE after they were closed like they weren't even there. I was shocked. I mean I can understand they were probably irritated because it was the end of the night, but don't argue with each other and talk about guests while they are right there. Wait until you get home or something.  Also the nurse that I had wasn't that personable and was very rough when treating me, despite the fact that I had told the doctor that I was already in a lot pain.  I think next time, I'll just wait it out at home or drive to another location.	2012-02-23	0	0	2
iEEydQ-hIw0MFbINzXx-4w	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Mu_zyyQ36oEoQg4AT-yFUg	4	This is how I like my In-N-Out Burger: 3x2, 3 patties and 2 cheese with grilled onions, well done buns and a side of fresh cut fries that's well, well done. -  - Granted I came during EDC weekend so the lines were almost out the door, I was impressed with their speed at serving the 50 orders that were in front of me. I've been told this location is "the best" on the west coast. I can't comment much on that statement since I've only been to the one in Dallas. I'd say they're about the same in taste - which was so yummy I went back the next day.	2014-07-12	1	0	0
pmsjTdyg6zDFN_4c2AuCrA	AnjC5W7LGM5tzGW0oVwDNg	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	Great little place, recommended to me by Tonia M. Bartz. -  - I went in today, and found a great pan (don't underestimate a great pan), and an ice cream maker, with two freezer bowls. -  - The thing is, I bought this same ice cream maker at a garage sale, not realizing it was missing the freezer bowl. -  - Now I have two complete ice cream makers to feed my inner fat kid!! -  - Good prices, too!	2012-03-01	2	4	2
6KLF5BaDDtD-1dFwLrZwgA	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	Xm4H62d1fjA21Q5iwvfQxw	2	Picked this place for our group and it ended up being a bad choice. Though our server was great, our food wasn't. -  - - blue cheese burger: 2 of 2 came out charred and well done even though they were requested medium. It only came with a dime-size dollop of sauce - - steak frites: it came out very rare even though it was requested medium-rare - - ribs: they were overcooked; mashed potatoes tasted like instant potatoes - - luau pig pizza: most of the pizza was crust that extended a couple inches toward the center without topping - - chicken and waffles: chicken was dry - - pineapple express goblet: although it was a cool drink, it was just too sweet. All the goblet drinks seem really sweet	2014-04-27	1	1	1
44uYwkY6yoP268mb6GtV8A	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	JOSrl0MZ1SH1LuRuWMrlcA	3	I, like other reviewers, feel that this restaurants space and seating are way too limited for how much social media they dish out. They are busy, so hopefully one day, they can accommodate seating for all of their customers, not just some of their customers.  At the peak of their business while we were there, people were sitting on the curb outside eating out of "to go" boxes, eating in their car and eating whilst stand up in the restaurant. -  - My order was actually forgot about because me and my friend sat outside at their bench, due to no seating inside. It roughly took them 40 minutes to figure this out too, haha. It's cool though, they comped it and ended up getting a free burger for it!  -  - I tried the cheeseburger benedict and truffle fries, good presentation and pretty good taste..just lacking a bit of flavor. -  - A little too much hype over this place, in my opinion. I think if I were to try this place next time, it'll be if they expand their space and work through some of their "new business" kinks.	2014-05-03	0	0	0
F0xJzA7HXHypZqtihqFEYw	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	D3QHTgqD22bpX2rN0-0yKw	5	I Love Soho.. With out a doubt the best sushi I have ever had. I would highly recommend to anyone and everyone that wants to eat Japanese food or is looking to try it for the first time. The staff was every helpful with  the menu and answering all of my annoying questions. I Love the atmosphere of Soho. Really relax and inviting. Thanks again for the food. Will be back soon.  -  -  - Mmm mmmmm mmmmm. Is all I said.  it was delicious. High quality food and cheap prices. Definitely coming back for more	2014-01-25	1	0	2
iZRpLkbTO4QPJtJaHyLudg	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	adlNarh8mwX8NRwZf45_eQ	5	Amazing burgers!! So amazing.. That the boyfriend and I went twice in one day!!! Breakfast and dinner!! Breakfast-My boyfriend got the Euro burger medium well.. It tasted like heaven!! I got the Hells Kitchen Burger and no other can ever compare!!! Burger set the bar WAY UP!!  Dinner- boyfriend got the Euro Burger AGAIN (YEP THAT GOOD) I had the chili dog ... (Trying out the menu) and another bar setter! Ramsey took a hot dog and took it to a whole different level! Delicious!!	2014-04-19	0	0	0
0AWyJlhIHVQEgRjoz8ldpA	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	UPNbJcG0REMITs6wkqsxaw	5	It's a little pricey, but well worth the extra $. Go for lunch on the weekends to save a couple of bucks. The salad bar is the best buffet in Las Vegas by far. Just remember to pace yourself and minimize the extraneous foods (salad, beer, etc.) to save maximum room for all the different meats. They're all delicious.	2012-07-16	0	0	0
VgmUoN2y1UiItPCO1Py3Zw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	B8cYcBWW9bkEJKR46Jou7g	4	Yup, believe the hype and rating, this place is definitely worth trying.  Made a reservation and at 6pm they had seats available still on the patio where the view is definitely worth the wait if there was one. -  - I went with the french onion soup which was pretty good, though would've preferred if it had a crispier crouton on top instead of something a little too mushy.  That was pretty much my only complaint with this place. -  - For the main meal I had the steak bordelaise and I was very happy.  Huge portion, steak cooked nice and rare, great sauce, and the frites were very good. -  - If you're in town and looking for a very reasonably priced dinner that will leave you full, this is definitely the spot.  I just wish we weren't in a rush to make our show time, otherwise I would've happily stayed for dessert.	2014-01-05	0	0	1
slbU2JVMpTAa6IPKyl7SFA	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	mwc5faIIa44xqQt5aWySNw	3	I was in charge of picking a place for dinner for our group of 8 for a recent trip to Vegas and trying to be budget and fun concious for everyone, I decided on this place.  I was a bit disconcerted by the either really high or really low reviews on yelp, so I had no idea what to expect coming in.  Starting out though, the decor was interesting with a mix of high celining and tile floor brasserie and modern english pub styles. -  - When we arrived we were promptily seated despite not having everyone in our group there.  We ordered a few drinks to keep us occupied as we perused the interesting menu.  Unfortunately our waiter wasn't quite as attentive as I would've liked, but I may blame that on some of our group showing up late and maybe he was thinking we'd wait for them. Over the night, we did also wait a little longer than usual for drink orders. I had a nice little find in Newcastle's Werewolf though. -  - Foodwise, I was severely disappointed no one at our table wanted the dirty chips. I knew I stood no chance against them alone, so I directed my efforts elsewhere. Oh well... the wife decided to get the ahi poke on wonton chips, which the tuna was nice and fresh but it lacked in seasoning and the wontons were kind of greasy and stale.  I also had a taste of someone's pretzel and wit whiz (I would imagine that means it is supposed to have some witbeer in it). The pretzel had a nice chew, but the whiz was pretty bland.   -  - Fortunately I ordered the pastrami along with the truffle mayo and blue cheese fondue.  The pastrami alone would've given this place at least a 4.  It is super juicy and tender, not too salty, and just a hint of smoke and spice.  The truffle mayo isn't mind blowingly good, but its pretty tasty.  The blue cheese fondue was easily forgotten in favor of the mayo.  The two slices of thick cut rye were just about right for making 2 open face sandwiches with just enough extra pastrami to nibble on its own.  Despite the make it yourself method, at $16 this is a pretty good deal considering the quantity and quality.  The wife had the BLT sliders, but with my full plate I unfortunately didn't have the desire to try them. -  - After we finished up eating we met up with an even larger group of our friends and the beer chugging, shots, and beer pong commenced.  Overall, a pretty good place to start out a night with some tasty, filling food and some drinks that still leaves you some money for the craps table.	2011-10-12	0	0	0
tCPCQHAxDxQOqWy4hvFgfw	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	4	The checkin clerk at the Aria recommended this place and it was our first meal in Vegas. -  - Lobster rolls are a must have here.  They are so buttery and fresh. -  - The barreled beer is something to try if you never have.  Being from Portland and being an Oregon beer (Deshutes), I couldn't resist.   Warning, it comes warm and is a little bitter, but a good change if you enjoy the micros.  7 second beer drop and it's free, limit two.  Guy next to us dropped one and got it free, he wanted me to join in his second, but by no means am I a speed drinker, but he insisted and paid, but I only got through half. -  - The best Bloody Mary anywhere on the strip, wife made us go back three times just to get these.  We had at least one at each of the resturaunts/bars we went. -  - It has two entrances, one in the courtyard between Aria and Crystals, the other is inside Crystals	2013-03-08	3	1	2
hTEDuE9ROwlwLN1GFCh1PQ	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	4	If you haven't been here, I recommend trying it at least once.  It's open 24 hours.  Everything on the menu is always available (late night menus not required). -  - The decor is a fusion between tropical theme and strip club.  The inside has a lot of tropical ambiance, but it is kept quite dark, with neon lights throughout.  The female waitresses are dressed in short shorts, but fully clothed on top.  It is not risque at all, so don't worry about bringing the kids (you shouldn't bring your kids to Vegas in the first place...please leave them at home, you are ruining my vacation!!!), but it's a nice sight for guys.  -  - I've mostly been here for breakfast, so I'm not sure about the lunches and dinners, but all of the breakfast items that I've tried have been very good.  My particular favorite is Munch's Breakfast. -  - The Fireside Lounge is a bar that is adjacent.  I believe it is a full bar.  Usually a cocktail waitress walks around the restaurant to take bar orders. -  - Peppermill is on the pricey side, but portions are very, very large to help make up for it.  2 people can definitely share one meal and both get full. -  - This is a place I like and go to it every time I'm in LV.  It may not be for everyone, but I think everybody should try it once. -  - Oh yeah, I almost forgot...their coffee sucks!	2011-06-20	0	0	0
c4im3K9R70wL2yXbOKmA_w	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	xuWCwxPvt7-Iv8tEPeJwVQ	4	We were staying at the Riviera, so this place is basically the closest restaurant not in the Riviera food court. I had heard many things about the Peppermill - it was old, it was basically Denny's, you had to wait forever, etc. I still wanted to try it out, and I'm glad I did! -  - It is old. It's more of a relic of 80's Vegas. The Fireside Lounge is really cool, but very smoky. Not that great of ventilation.  -  - The food was hit or miss, but the portions are so big you really don't care that much. Or you are probably drunk like most people in Vegas. Just make sure you get something you REALLY like because you are going to have a lot of it. Like, maybe the biggest portion of your life. Peppermill makes Chipotle look like a joke.  -  - I say come by if you are on that side of the strip. It's a fun place and your only meal of the day if you play it right! The only con is there is always a wait.	2014-06-28	0	0	0
YPlCBLF-8TMdJa6STasDig	lPh02W25cOrAz57UbTpbFQ	am9dkAb9mOzClRgO7pEvNQ	5	Best all you can eat I've had. Everything is delicious!	2012-01-20	0	0	0
LJGa0HOLkqfgf9YuxUXoxQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	xMW4Y7RZOLEKhvT1d4pJqQ	5	2 years later and still the best buffet in Las Vegas hands down.  The presentation of the dishes, the quality, and the variety all make for an enjoyable experience.  The design of the restaurant in also so beautiful !!  They make all their ice creams in-house, offering unique flavors like Thai Tea and Peanut Butter and Jelly.  Sooooo Good!  Save room for dessert!	2013-07-17	0	0	0
fJBGiIRfaddy3n2LYeOgaA	dPDO8O1TK_fa1BrhG1VYNA	qZplEAK_DziQQ-WFD1xxgw	1	Felt super comfortable with Whitney after communicating with her several times.  I never thought she would be a no show on my WEDDING day especially after paying a deposit.  I flew into Vegas on a Friday, my wedding was on Saturday morning.  Whitney emailed me to confirm (again) on Friday and because I didn't respond (due to me running wedding errands ALL DAY) she decided she would cancel my appointment.  I responded Saturday morning when I finally saw the email and she stated it was too late (around 6:45am) and she already scheduled someone else.  Isn't a deposit confirmation enough?  Why wouldn't she contact the hotel I was staying at since that was where our appt was to take place?  I am still blown away with this situation! -  - I would def think twice before booking an appointment with her!	2014-06-18	0	0	0
rWvHv9t3kAZM0SxKezxHmw	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	Wu-fNT4hxlZRR2Kgew3Giw	5	One of the best pizzas I had.  Considering how I am a pizza snob when it comes to pizza outside of NYC, that alone says how much Pizzeria Bianco delivers. -  - One thing that I enjoyed was the unique toppings for the pizzas.  When first hearing it, pistachios doesn't sound too appetizing on a pizza.  But I assure you, the flavor combinations are great.  Highly recommend the margherita pizza.  Surprisingly, basil works really well on pizza.  The crust is what takes the cake for Pizzeria Bianco. It must be the wood-fire ovens they use.  The crust is crisp and light.  Blends perfectly well with the ingredients.  On top of that , the pizzas aren't too expensive and the rustic atmosphere of the restaurant adds to the experience. -  - Overall, if you're in Phoenix, you should stop by Pizzeria Bianco.  I hear that it is a 3hr wait.  But it only took me 20 minutes to get a table, so don't get intimated by the wait time.	2011-08-27	0	0	1
_n9j0WWu1voLYoebf9akcA	MqDha_bLVNqYShMzJtxvlg	zjLikecni9dhh-8vWh0rnQ	5	Last year My fianc (now my wife) was having back pains and Dr Stang helped her. This time I was the one needing help. I had been in severe pain from over doing it on the weekend. I gave Dr Stang a call she got me in right away. She listen with the intent to understand my concerns. She told me what the process would be to recover. Then she set realistic expectations for time frames and treatment. I could not be more happy with the results of her work on my back. I went from walking in pain to being able to run without pain. Dr Stang does manipulation, acupuncture, stretching, hydrotherapy, and also teaches you how to maintain. She gets my highest recommendation. I would not trust anyone else.	2014-03-14	0	0	1
LfaP4MFlCtpeQ65aM90Lig	MP4o3hP1k4VHfDxBuaqYCw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	3	We stopped in here today just to check it out. We usually like Ross and go there fairly often when my wife is shopping for clothes. This location was pretty standard as far as Ross's go. The store was pretty clean, there were a lot of staff working, and the checkout line moved relatively quickly even though long. We went to this particular Ross because we were over in that area of the city, but wouldn't necessarily make a special trip out that way just to go to this location. I will say however, that our cashier was extremely friendly, and not just in the fake friendly way that a lot of people put on for work. If you're in the area, definitely check them out.	2014-04-13	0	0	0
dRUHTkThzqXu--A-wZV5zA	YacTpiq0ZptFcXD7I-kdGA	RwOh7uOb1RIB_7S0Y1uP4w	4	This place was great. We came with a party of 12. We chose the restaurant based on the wine list and this had one of the best on the strip. The gumbo was good. The filet was great. The only part I didn't enjoy was the oysters. We mentioned it to two different waiters and only ate about 6 of the 12 oysters. We were all a little upset and we spent $1500 on dinner and they couldn't take the oysters we didn't care for off the bill. -  - We sure to stop by the bar on the way in or out. Not only is the wine list worth the trip but if you like high-end bourbon this is a great place. They have several different Pappy Van Winkle bourbons and Templeton Rye.	2012-10-20	0	0	1
vOLMoJFiCpU2XtTT5QZsQA	rNahhyqDlouyDMHh57p3ug	DJ9DfRLbDBCQ_GJX_tugIQ	2	For the price it should have been much better. Stay away from the linguini w clams and pancetta. SO SALTY. I'm thai I love salty food -  - For the price it should have been much better. Stay away from the linguini w clams and pancetta. SO SALTY. I'm thai I love salty food but this was ridiculous. Also service was subpar. Maybe as my friend said it was the rock bottom christmas eve crew but whatever. Mario batale needs to take a second look. On the plus side, incredible octopus appetizer. Would get that again if forced to go.	2012-01-26	0	0	1
FHzLCzgeapTldWWZS5zUNA	xpnNsrT8QsCIUdawnsBvoQ	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	I've been coming to this office for about 8 years now and the people are very friendly and helpful. I see Dr. Lewis & he always has a funny joke to make the visit fun. Each of the ladies in the office are very accomodating and they all know me on a first-name basis since I've been coming in all these years! -  - I had new lenses put in the glasses I've worn since 2007 and they made the transaction go smoothly with doing this. I will be getting new lenses in my other pair soon as well and am looking forward to this, as my prescription has a slight change to it.  -  - I recommend this office to anyone I know looking for a new eye doctor and optometrist facility!	2013-11-02	1	0	1
lfKuTFDvOdpqe6yoBPJOzA	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	tcdJXg82A7D7uzKMcXitcA	5	2 thumbs up to all the seafood and yummy dessert~~	2012-03-31	0	0	0
OkdUWgSJ4P-chWH2XOxF0w	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Thanks Kate for being a fabulous waitress.  This was the perfect end to our day.  Our group had one diner that has very special food needs and she was perfect in suggestions, moderations, guiding him along.  And this time, I wasn't the DD (I asked for you Dana) so the lucious passion fruit margs flowed.  And my dinner was the best!  Lemongrass encrusted Hapu (Hawaiian sea bass) was done to perfection.  Only bummer...it was raining and we couldn't sit outside.  Next time!	2013-01-26	0	0	0
OxLlll7Gb8EFMqqGAptwdQ	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	kkzoTv-HgIz3JZw2y9y-Gg	5	I can't visit Vegas without visiting this restaurant.  The very first time I came to Vegas, I ended up spending a ridiculous amount of money because my party did NOT want to leave!  The service was a little slow, but I always had a drink in front of me... scratch that, I always had an EXCELLENT drink in front of me, plus the owner came by and gave us free tequila shots!  The food was really good; there were a lot of unique options, things that I definitely don't get anywhere else.  Obviously you should order the tacos.  They are FAMOUS!	2012-10-02	0	0	0
Ee3QVODZUpdQNSkMFCeyBg	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	This place is ridiculous. No complaints here. THE most interesting salsa bar I have ever seen with tradition styles such as chipotle and tomatillo alongside crazy inventions like sesame and peanut. All delicious. So far I've had the shark fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and carne asada burro. My fav is the shrimp tacos but all were amazing. Also, get a side of the calavasas - yum.	2011-05-11	1	0	1
FAfj6Px4OJFAMYr1GBzKww	9ggd0DySEZNw990JGaFSQQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Solid mall with tons of store options to choose from in every price range. It was clean, easy to navigate and even though it was a weekend and it was a little busy, it didn't have that crowded tight feel of some other places.   -  - I can see us coming to this location again during the holiday season to purchase gifts and other whatnot for family / friends given the array of recognizable store fronts.   -  - Decent food court and snack selections if you want them. -  - Overall: A- - Much better than some of the other malls the Phoenix area has to offer!	2013-10-10	1	1	1
RuQ1E1-2oC5WxMj5IQUDtQ	R5uo6DzA8vGLIbatkt7vZQ	HAPeOwz8g3D8LNwPDf0aVA	5	Love love love this store! Browsing a used book store is not about the destination (i.e. what you're looking for) but the journey. I ALWAYS leave with an unexpected gem! The stores in Madison are very neat and so organized as well. One could get lost in the stacks' sub-genres alone!	2012-11-08	1	0	1
r17WTz3fO4-RgqLSnq-CVg	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	3	A groupon and good reviews lead me to try this place in Vegas. Normally, I do not go off the strip to eat. I don't think this place is as good as the reviews lead it to be... the place was packed when I went though, around 11am. It took about 30 minutes or so for a table. Looking at the menu, LOTS of stuff looked good and I had trouble deciding what to eat. The menu is a newpaper, which is actually really cute and different; also, there is a lot of word-play on the menu which I thought was cleaver. I ended up getting the chicken fried steak skillet and my brother got the carnitas skillet. Both did taste good, but I did not think it was spectacular. Portions were a good size, a bit larger than average. My chicken steak was tender and crispy and the gravy was good... but the house potatoes it came with was way too salty. I mixed everything together to try to lessen the salt taste, but in the end, I couldn't finish all the potatoes because, well, it was just too much salt. I think they need to put less of the seasoned salt on it. I'm a total potato lover and I couldn't finish my potatoes. My skillet also came with 2 eggs, anyway you want and a muffin or toast. I chose the muffin. It was good-average. I tried a bit of the carnitas skillet... but I'm not a big Mexican food fan... so it wasn't to my liking really, but my brother liked it. His did not come with a muffin or toast though. I also ordered coffee, thinking it was going to come in the interesting cup I see posted... it came in the ugly typical diner coffee cup... -  - Personally, I think Hash House A Go-Go has much better food and better prices... and way bigger portions!! My brother agrees with me too.  -  - I don't think this place is worth the wait... it didn't stand out in my mind. Just an average breakfast place. Prices are fair... my chicken fried skillet was $10.50 and the carnitas skillet was about $11.  -  - Go to Hash House A Go-Go if you want special yummy breakfast food... this place is just average.	2013-11-26	0	1	2
elHWWTHqO2JCNtxVbDt5Rg	9KWa4gOWYmkzDJjwBlenUg	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	So, I'm a 24 hour fitness kinda guy and have been for say well, 6 years now. -  - Until... -  - 4th Of July weekend 2009.  -  - I head out of the valley and back to LA to soak in the Southern Californian rays and 70 degree temperatures when my former roommate hits me with it..."24 hour fitness sucks man, check out this new place called equinox I got a membership to". -  - Needless to say, screw you Rob.  -  - After discovering a gym that does NOT cater to meat heads and "I'm too hot for you to look at me, creeper" women I started my search frantically for such an experience upon my return home. -  - Good ol' yelp, you've done it again, I found The Village using you and I must say, HOLY CRAP, now equinox back in LA looks like 24 hour fitness!!   -  - So, yes it's pricey, (triple digit range and a hefty club buy in fee) but at that rate they keep out the 30,000 dollar millionaires (which seem to be very abundant in the local area) and provide the member an excellent and VERY enjoyable experience.  -  - I LOVE this club from the steam room to the events they provide (they even had a Hell's Kitchen party for Sabrina, the clubs chef and a contestant this season, what's that tell you about staff quality ;) ) -  - On a side note though, I understand that it IS DC Ranch and family life is dominant in this part of town. However, kids of the affluent seem to run rather wild through the place come afternoon hours, so just make sure to be patient ;).	2009-07-25	0	1	0
h6vtuSd8Cgvs8YXUPpBNBw	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	I went back to @NMTBrew tonight, because it's really that amazing. -  - Amy was our server. She quickly informed us that the guest brew, the Pumpkin Porter, was out, and that they had just that hour tapped the Mountain Stout. -  - I sampled it, as well as their Mild Child, a "succulent blonde". -  - The blonde was nice, but it's beginner beer. -  - The Stout, however, definitely for refined palettes. -  - Just had some crab dip for dinner. -  - Was very pleasantly surprised to have a visit from owner/brewmaster Rob, who came to discuss the Stout. -  - We discussed many different things, and I congratulated him on he, and Candy's success with their venture. -  - Sitting on the patio was initially a bit warm, but by the time we left, it was a nice night. -  - Can't get enough of this place!	2013-09-13	5	1	2
nrurU5W-jrNTDDIylk03dw	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	We discovered Lola's by word of mouth. Oh my goodness...it lives up to the hype. My man and I had the sweet tea (my favorite type of tea!) and started off with the crab cake with lemon aioli (I think). It was yummy and sinful. Next we ventured into the po' boy section of the menu. SO TASTY! I had the one with pot roast and he had the fried shrimp. I definitely recommend that you get them dressed (with mayo and tartar sauce). Its out of this world. Lastly, we finished up the meal with bread pudding with Chantilly cream. It was heavenly. -  - Overall Lola's was awesome. The service is very friendly and the food is dynamite. The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they close too early and I always miss them. Oh well...such is life.	2011-01-29	1	1	1
Jo5vIdwB7EZ8Me_qpsKiWQ	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	dYkvw1NNN9U6_og-txFZ6g	2	I give the food 4 stars, and the service 1 star. - I've been here twice months apart, most recently yesterday. The first time I ate here was this past summer, on a not so busy Sunday late afternoon. We were seated quickly but took 1.5 hours for our food to come! When asked what the delay was, management actually came out, apologized and said my friend's sandwich had to be remade because it was dropped on the ground. Fine.  - As for yesterday, we also came for brunch and were a group of 6, we were seated right away because it wasn't so busy. Great because we were starving. Our waitress took 30 minutes to come and introduce herself, and disappeared for a long while-- we had to ask other staff if we could please put in our order (we were starving). She finally took our order, but later on came out to tell us she would be leaving and we would have another server. After 1 hour of waiting for our food to come (and not seeing our new waitress since the switch) we noticed that we were never even given the complimentary bread that all the other tables received. We asked another server (not ours, she was still missing) if we could have bread and by that time our server was coming out with our orders, which were ALL COLD. - The food is great at this place-- I've had the fried chicken strips and waffles, and the corned beef hash-- I hate to give it a poor review, since the chefs and cooks seem to have it on point! But man is the service bad.	2014-02-10	1	1	1
X325Bw-eLSeItQk-K7e4BQ	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	dWB8lxnALBA0MBhocIfQGA	4	I can't speak much for the food as all we had were onion rings (gf thought they tasted slightly off, I was drunk and thought they were good)... But the drinks are extremely reasonable for a restaurant/bar.  The bartender Kristina (?) was awesome, just the right touch of joking around mixed with a little touch of friendly attitude.  Definitely see myself going back, as mentioned before tons of tvs and seems like a great place to watch a game	2013-09-07	1	1	1
Yn6JAyR_VnnuOWDeKNFwhw	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	3	This definitely screams tourist trap, but it's a fun place too. My friends and i had drinks and nachos here and boy those nachos....it's enough to feed a family 10 i think. The margaritas are good, unless you get it on the rocks, you can't really taste the alcohol in the frozen ones, but they are still yummy. The staff and our waitress was pretty cool, they had a good energy and seemed (at least seemed) to be enjoying themselves. I'm only giving it three stars just because it's nothing really special and it wouldn' t make me have to come here the next time, you know?	2007-09-09	0	0	0
UXMy5LYJG4hBS4_HHIRhnQ	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	qLzeppJDB98ndF0C5Jfubw	5	Best place in the world -  - My grandma and mom  know the owner  -  - I love that the jade red chicken is gluten free made with cornstarch -  - I have eaten here since i was born and am always here at least once a week	2014-03-25	0	1	0
tyzz0JC6A6sIX9PMMxW7Dg	c2OXxIm1Gu3Hxh7K9Rsovw	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	4	So, for weeks now I've been wanting to try one of the foot massage places. I was always turned off by them because from the outside, they definitely looked questionable and the last thing I wanted was to be involved in some kind of fake massage parlor but a place for sex sting and me plastered on the evening news when all I wanted was for someone to massage my feet. Anyway, so I call around and honestly, I chose this place because out of three places, it was the one that actually spoke English over the phone and was able to answer some of my questions.  - I make my way to Spring Mountain and as I drive west, I swear there are at least 10 other foot massage places, all kinda looking the same. I arrive and I'm greeted at the door by a tiny little Chinese lady and within 5 minutes I'm at my comfy chair, feet in warm water and away she goes. I personally have not had a massage in about two years and this "foot massage and reflexology" for one hour included shoulders, neck head, arm and legs. If I had known that all that was included in the $38.99 price, I would have gone for an extra fifteen minutes. I was the only one there, it was quiet, nice and the lady was very professional.  - I've had massages before but I'm always amazed how this tiny lady exerted so much force/strength on my back. It was only towards the tail end AND after I realized I jacked up I was. I had so many knots in my back she should've used a rolling pin!! I will definitely come back but I think if there were any more than several people in at the same time, you would probably lose some points on tranquility and privacy. I think to come here once every 5-6 weeks is definitely worth the money...especially if you're on your feet 8-11 hours a day like I am!  - BTW, I have looked around and the prices are all comparable. My sister in L.A. got the same exact massage in Chinatown in Cali for $20. I don't think you'll ever get that price here, but if I had a choice, I'd do one of these types of massages versus going to one of those hoity-toity places (unless someone paid for it or I had a gift certificate or won Megabucks or if $$$ grew on a tree in my backyard.)	2010-07-19	1	1	2
_P0Nv0KMb837dW42O7hsig	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	-XeFGDrpJCTG4oyLEsgPXA	5	Eaten here 3 times now. Always good. Food is great. Servers are friendly.  Best noodle/soup joint in las Vegas!	2011-02-28	0	0	1
07lj7mUVV76dsOVJO10xQQ	LJLHQgMIeDhzqzleWOSmqg	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	The makeover is completed! Looks good. I like they have little conversation areas dotted throughout the place. -  - It feels kind of cramped though. -  - Plus when cars are parked and running their engine and your breathing those fumes trying to eat is not very appetizing. -  - The parking is convenient but again the space is cramped. You can barely fit two cars on that road. The times I have been there, Ive watched cars almost about to get hit when they are backing out of spaces. -  - It's really 3 stars for the reno they did -  - Bumped because I like: -  - There's one new tenant so far Ive seen ,,Charming Charlies!  -  - I look forward to the new Farmers Market they'll be holding on Thursday evenings! - http://www.shopthedistrictgvr.com/farmersmarket/	2014-03-02	4	2	5
QN6iIRjewrePTge4fpC1xg	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	oK51R-573U_oB6tLslClLg	2	This isn't one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas, but I play the My Vegas Slots game on my phone and earned enough gold coins to get a buy one get one free pass at the More buffet inside Luxor. My husband and I went during lunch and it was a disappointment. There wasn't that many options so I don't even know why it's even called "More Buffet". I guess I can't really complain because my husband and I only paid $10 each, thanks to my Vegas slots!	2014-06-24	0	0	0
XosEuwr75vdR0CjIGoA8eA	Zx8_4zKdDBSO3qGrkukBIA	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	2	shmoogled definitions of CULT on the Web: -  - + followers of an exclusive system of religious beliefs and practices  -  - + fad: an interest followed with exaggerated zeal; "he always follows the latest fads"; "it was all the rage that season"  -  - + followers of an unorthodox, extremist, or false religion or sect who often live outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader  -  - + a religion or sect that is generally considered to be unorthodox, extremist, or false; "it was a satanic cult"  -  - May I now introduce... the regular customers of Chino Bandido. -  - I am a HUGE fan of cheap-ass 'Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives' type of joints, too, but this place is so over-rated; I'm just sick of hearing about it. -  - Sure, there are some flavor combinations that you can get here that would be difficult to find elsewhere, but the slight novelty is not worth the trouble. -  - If the fairly average tasting food were good enough, I'd be able to overlook the location in a strip mall that has 'Future Home of North Phoenix's Crack Whore Day Labor Center' written all over it. -  - If the portions were large enough, I could overlook the ugly (and inconvenient to eat out of) pie-tin ToGo box that your food is served in, and the price that seems like a decent price only until you get your food. -  - If more of the barely cordial staff I encountered were like the minority smiley and friendly staff, I could over look the STUPID and arbitrary ordering system that one is expected to follow.  There wasn't really much help, as some described, and why should you need help ordering when you are just picking a meat-rice-format combination, anyway?!?! -  - Although there are a few dishes that are pretty tasty, there is nothing 'fusion' about the menu aside from the fact that you can have your Jamaican or Chinese entree rolled into a burrito or cooked into a quesadilla.   - ~Big Whoop~ - It's neither as much of a choice nor as satisfying as it seems like it should be.   - All of these supposed choice combinations and yet no Brown Rice. -  - The redeeming factor earning my second star was the friendly youngster washing tables, chatting up customers as they finished eating and he whisked away their garbage, offering to bring them an extra cookie for the road. -  - I also felt yucky about the whole inconsiderate, non-'PC' atmosphere surrounding the bandito panda and the 'takee-outee' part of the name, and I'm not a very PC person, in general.  They may as well have put up posters of rair-road and raundry workers in pointee hats with rong pointee mustaches saying 'ah-so, you want extra starch in your Revi's?' to a grizzly old Gold Rush 49'er. -  - Oh, and just go and look for yourself at their Health Inspection reports. -  - YEESH	2009-04-23	7	6	7
vOqaTX5T_BT3QaR9PwTELg	qg_glGo5-t9VPvAyfSYyTQ	oK51R-573U_oB6tLslClLg	4	I love Target! I went to this Target in Glendale because I was visiting my parents and I had a mobile Target coupon, buy one get on free accessories, jewelry, or watch and I must say I got a SUPER great deal. I got some earrings on clearance for $2.38 and got a $49.99 watch for FREE! My total after tax was $2.60! I thought I would've had a problem because it took the most expensive item off, but the cashier who cashed me out was super nice and said that it was valid and corporate knew an started a little conversation with me. KUDOS Target for the great customer service!  -  - I have it a 4 out of 5 because they didn't have a variety of watches to choose from, but the customer service was great!	2013-10-04	0	0	0
5e5pvXIx2LHCtfw3GGVLcg	9Bnc9YP0n5cR57xkP6fQmQ	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	4	While Stratosphere may be far from the cream of the crop as LV hotels go, the Top of the World is certainly an exception to the rest of the hotel.  Beautiful atmosphere, wonderful meal and great service. -  - We all had the 4 course tasting menu, which for $90, and all things considering, I thought was a very nice price.  Especially since the third course, the filet, I would guess at 10 to 12 oz.  A far larger portion than I have seen on any tasting menu.  While the food was not spectacular, it was certainly very good, and we all enjoyed.  The wine pairing for $30 was fabulous, and for me perhaps the best part of the meal.  It would have been a bargain for even more.  I also highly recommend the bananas foster in a a almond brittlle bowl. -  - The service was excellent, but not rushed at all.  Servers were always in the area, but we had a rather slow pace to meal, to enjoy the view.  We were there 2+ hours, and since the restaurant slowly rotates, we enjoyed 2 complete rotations, and spectacular views. -  - The atmosphere is quiet on the inside, and the views cannot be beat.  I would recommend this experience to anyone.	2014-03-02	1	0	1
S_FNSeXouZeBOHr3yYHgnA	NK-8zniVfA21IQoQCynrDg	6yMvz-hWAWVZbvzdcEXiQg	5	let me say that this place rocks when it comes to food and service esp the waitres Tiffini..... we had a HORRIBLE experience at Senor Frogs were starving and just wanted a variety to choose from fresh and good and this is what we got. they lost our ticket and it took a bit long we did not even mention a word but they comped our entire bill and the food was GREAT!	2012-06-29	0	0	0
qe7U56IR8wMYNoSAI-Yr6A	DJMC1HD4XEeaJaWlR6ISBw	46TfIzqgBYaA1s3nfWZG9Q	5	Kevin the owner is amazing, they always make sure everything is perfection before they let you leave. Will always recommend this nail salon if your looking for clean,consistent and friendly. In short it's worth the money and you won't be disappointed.	2014-04-08	1	0	1
WNE_yc4DOl51_AqfFGJFhg	-YEZDSLKjTZbGnsp0F7nyg	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	5	This place is great.  Christy gave me the royal treatment and my hair cut got lots of positive attention.  The facial massage left me so relaxed I almost fell asleep. Highly recommend.  One caveat. I wouldn't give them an email or phone number. Within hours of leaving I had three emails. Next day a text. I don't like spam.  Everything else was perfect.	2012-12-16	0	0	0
qDFhze-KYpnheRQlFU6a5g	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Yes Im a huge fan of East Meets West their specialty crepe! It has red bean paste, condensed milk, mochi bites and your choice ice cream ..and of course that's Green Tea ice cream for me. I love it. If you ask me what else they have, I honestly don't know because I always get this. Pretty rare for a place to offer red beans in their dessert menu, so I come here specifically for it. -  - I know there are a lot of yummy sounding creations though plus you can customize your own crepe or waffle.  -  - The crepes are made to order and it's not your usual eggy type crepe. It's Japanese style. This one is soft and a bit chewy in texture, tastes remind me of an almond cookie. It's thin and pliable and rolled in to the shape of a cone and stuffed with ice cream, toppings and/or fresh fruit. I remember the owner telling me they use what's available in season. -  - The shop is pretty spacious, clean, practically spotless.There is seating both outdoors and inside. The staff has always been cool, friendly and helpful.  There's always some kind of special they run. Stamp cards, Yelp app check in discount.  -  - OH...and they use Thrifty Ice Cream! Need I say more?	2014-03-04	5	2	7
ADpkxCbcRNNMS5rj3xV2lA	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Might be my new favorite place to hang out on Central, be a part of the "scene" and eat some really great food.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My Hawaiian Margarita was awesome.  Too bad I was the DD...one was not enough.  Everyone at the table had something unique and different and we all loved it.  Can't wait to go back and try something else.  It was scrumptious!	2012-12-09	0	0	0
uqqoBsPNyXrDe8qo3jJVFA	gHq5ZzOCvQ7-2pVCpORy6A	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Perfect size. Love the Henderson family clientele it attracts.	2012-01-30	0	0	1
AfrHu_I_wn0vk3NOXZextw	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	iBQ4jpfp5_SgyQ-gO5fCOQ	3	Where were all these people coming from?!?!  We were starving and had decided a quick sandwich was the way to go.  Unfortunately the line was wrapped out and around and we didn't feel like waiting.  My bad-that wait was indicative of the wait for food throughout Vegas.  After trying several other places we came back defeated and this time the line was greatly reduced-only about 25 people deep.  Best hot sandwich?  Hardly.  But a decent sandwich for a decent price with good bread.   -  - *personal gripe-is there really a need for HFCS in the mac salad?!?!	2012-02-27	1	1	2
tDaZr_02Fjwmbav5uBN4GA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	Idr3qWL6FTir6103dtTgGg	4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. And yes, it has a lot to do with the location. Best patio dining in Vegas! The food is very good. Maybe not world class, but excellent. I also like it bc of its casual atmosphere. Their baguette is amazing!  Also good are the cappuccinos, their quiches, filet mignon, and the white chocolate bread pudding. Go here if you want to slow down, sit on a patio and perhaps read, and see the fountains across the street at the Bellagio.	2013-11-08	0	0	0
xaBbrdpIeJc_7BbOu8ZkCQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	PywqqtJW3Om6HvFM1fLvew	5	Always delicious! Always satisfying! And DAMN CHEAP. -  - My girls and I alwaaays come here for lunch at some point during our Vegas trips, it's become our staple sandwich stop. I always go for the Caprese sandwich there (I'm a veggie gal) and ahhh so so yummy! The bread is perfectly toasted and yet soft at the same time, and as all caprese creations taste well together, Earl's somehow just does it better! And the portion size is just right for me. Keeps me full and satisfied! -  - Good for your wallet and tummy.	2013-08-19	0	0	0
nt84MXv_OSJeOq8O-pI6wQ	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	drqxDaKNo7LetXh6CzCi8A	5	This place is amazing! I had the best sushi there and the place was very clean. The service was very good and fast.	2014-07-15	0	0	0
yQ_0eV7H20wznEUx-YuKHA	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Hands down the best burger place in town. I am writing this review after the 2nd time coming here...forgive me...I am a very busy person with 2 crazy monkeys to raise...Yelp kinda takes a back seat.  - I was lucky enough to come here a second time with my BESTEST FOODIE FRIEND, Rob M. (LL Cool Mack if you're nasty) for a belated birthday dinner (I told you I was a busy girl). It wasn't very crowded and we were seated right away. On our way back to our table I spotted the server we had last time...The lovely NOELLE. Noelle is what every server should aspire to be. She is knowledgeable, genuinely caring about your experience (my monkeys loved her) and an all around cool person. If you are smart you will trust her recommendations (she's batting for 1000 after 2 visits). We had the most amazing food: - -New Belgium Hoptober beer - -Lobster truffle mac n' cheese (a MUST...you will be licking the plate clean) - -Mini sliders with beef tenderloin, fois gras, arugula, truffle mayo and a wild mushroom demi glaze (they are small but bursting with flavor) - -The Gold Standard burger (what they are famous for...I can see why) - -The Drunken Monkey adult milkshake (so tasty, not super boosy...even gave some to the monkeys. They loved it) - -Maple glazed donuts with vanilla cream filling and bacon bits on top (holy cow I died and went to heaven). -  - Now the downside....this place isn't a fast food restaurant. Good food is worth the wait and you will wait a bit here. I appreciated the wait time in between courses so I could digest and really enjoy all my food. If you are in a hurry don't come here...you will be bummed. Also...its kinda pricey but well worth it in my mind. You are looking at around $60 per person depending on what you drink. If you can't afford it...don't eat here...simple as that.  -  - I will be back soon and hopefully Miss Noelle will be our girl again.	2011-09-22	3	2	7
c2zwTEk3Qq86w1fW-TRArw	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	RCjc81wJhh7u5PPitT_iJg	5	What can I say, I loved everything about this buffet (well, except maybe the price, but oh well). I loved the slightly unusual selection of food at this buffet. It was a great way to get your buffet staples (crab legs, cocktail shrimp, prime rib) but also things you don't see every where like bone marrow, ceviche and pork belly. I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. Everything was well prepared and you can tell this place focuses more on quality versus quantity. Will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas.	2013-07-28	0	0	1
2RXBEw4K4vaBLeWLT9ErPA	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	-XeFGDrpJCTG4oyLEsgPXA	5	The shogun burger is freakin incredible!  Wagyu beef mixed with unagi then topped off with foie gras, marinated pears and spinach. Chili cheese fries with the egg are great too.  Food takes a little long to come out but worth the wait.  Good service.	2011-02-28	0	0	2
qfA4Y7VNorgy-rzRDAlaRg	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	Ad5_NbfYyYKP0WeWoJxZFA	5	You can't help but love this place. It's not pretentious, the food is excellent and the atmosphere lively. If you go to Vegas this is one restaurant you need to visit.	2014-04-24	0	0	0
TonxqA8PPgff1Nb5BArYDQ	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	4	Delish! I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese which tasted like a reimagined version of my childhood favorite :) my taste buds were in heaven. The only downside was the wait but because of the size of the restaurant it's pretty understandable I waited 30 min without a reservation.	2013-10-04	0	0	0
_T5jdJe_1bOvhom3ThGLpA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	3	Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe is an interesting place.  It's located in a dodgy strip mall east of Rosie McCaffrey's Irish Pub.  A weird location, but once you walk through the door of Cherry Blossom you are transported to a little rustic restaurant setting.  It was a nice surprise. -  - The place was busy.  We had to wait for a little bit because we didn't have a reservation.  Our table finally opened up and the three of us took our seats.  I was pleasantly surprised with the prices on the menu.  The place wasn't going to break us.  Another thing I noticed was that the menu items were all over the place.  Sushi, Japanese Food, Asian Noodles, Italian Pasta and so on. -  - Our waitress was an interesting soul.  I will leave it at that.  She showed up to take our order and deliver our food and that was pretty much it.  Our water glasses were empty for most of our dinner.  I ended up pouring our bottle of wine because my date refused to pour it.  He gave up on our waitress. -  - We had Spring Rolls with a peanut sauce and a Spicy Tuna Roll to start the dinner.  I enjoyed the spring rolls.  The spicy tuna roll was a little bit fishy.  I was scared.  My main dish was the Korean Spicy Beef.  It was one of their signature dishes.  I don't know why.  It was just okay.  The sauce was very rich.  Almost overwhelming.  I forced my self to keep eating.  I don't think I will order that again. -  - Cherry Blossom creates a nice environment and the prices are right.  No wonder it is crowded.  When I return I will try something else.  After all the menu is huge.  Something has to be good on there.  Three stars.	2009-10-26	0	0	1
K6Ygtw2tgkL2ZU1brVNYIg	WhBxWYRj6rycigYqdXY9cA	YneSTqU6UrtQ7e6szjg4BQ	1	Horrific, -  - Previously I had written reviews stating how solid you were. I WAS a regular.  -  - I know all of your managers by name, and have the phone number and email of your GM. I will be emailing this to her as well.  -  - I have no idea what has happened, but you have screwed up FIVE orders in a row--no matter what night I ordered food from you for pick up. You failed to send me a gift certificate (yet another one for your consistent errors) , and double charged my BF's card (which was quite a large order that night) and you told us you would NOT cover any NSFs that occurred. Your staff was RUDE to me when I used that last gift certificate for your gross errors.  - The last night that you screwed up and forgot MULTIPLE items (yet again, we had to return to your location and you only gave us ONE of the items you forgot, WTF!!!) you did NOT refund any money, and in fact, your female staff member huffed on the phone when I initially called just to say "HI., I'd like to place an order for pick up please?" And she went "ughhh!" and then transferred me to the up bar. - Sick of paying for food I never receive.  -  - You don't deserve anyone's business. We were regulars for years. W.T.F.	2014-05-02	0	0	0
Fr0EMaTLVuf0QTj8SGnokQ	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	4	Went for brunch on a weekday. I'm definitely a fan of this place. I ordered the croquet madam which is amazing, it is a MUST order if you go for brunch. The fries that come with it are delicious as well and a very generous portion. The reason I am giving this 4 stars is the croquet madam was a 5 but my bf's steak and eggs, I thought only a 3. It definitely could have had more flavor and while it was tasty, left a bit to be desired. Dcor and ambiance are great and service was top notch. Would definitely return on our next visit and just order something better for the second option next time.	2013-09-15	0	0	0
xIUh0XDU_m_2JIg92knTSw	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	We came here in a big group one night for dinner.  As everyone says...the portions are super huge and you won't be able to finish it.  But even though you get huge portions the food itself wasn't all that great.  We got huge portions of mediocre food...not very exciting. -  - I personally got the Sage chicken pasta and it was Just OK.  Two people ordered the meatloaf sandwich and they liked that a lot.  Maybe next time I'll go for that.  I have NO idea why it took us THREE hours to eat and pay the bill but it was ridiculous!!!  We called ahead so they knew that we had a large party...why not assign another waiter to our table because one was not enough. -  - The best part of the meal was the honey biscuits.  But I think they only come when you have a large party because I didn't see them on any other table.  I would come again and try something different.  Maybe a breakfast item would be better.	2011-08-02	3	2	5
IHzqMy_lHSldt04dsP0BIQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	TDy9Xfz-famK1PV3hzFBNA	5	I'm drooling just thinking about the food to write in the review. -  - Mimosa: delicious OJ to champagne ratio -  - Breakfast: Corned beef cooked to perfection with light poached eggs on top. Divine. Hash browns mixed with caramelized onions on the side, hot and melts in your mouth leaving you craving for more. Toast came with jelly and whipper butter...mmmm!!! -  - Plus, we ate outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain. Perfect, relaxing, romantic, and unforgettable breakfast.	2011-07-31	0	0	0
Lr26u1vAJQwlW4n2ibH5PQ	RlSC-4lbSgMOfnb8_qEYAw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	Dr. Christensen isn't closed...I just saw him today for an exam. I was referred to him from Anthem Pediatric Dentistry and they were spot on. He was very nice, his staff couldn't have been more efficient and pleasant, Erika, his dental assistant, was very cool and didn't make me gag when she did the x-rays (always a plus in my book).  -  - He took the time to answer all my questions and gave me some helpful suggestions for the mommy who has little time to do the extra stuff to take care of herself. All in all I am excited that Dr. Christensen is going to be my dentist. The only drawback is that he costs a good chunk of change if you are paying cash but he is well worth it. Dentists are like everything else in life...you get what you pay for....and you only have one set of teeth.	2011-04-07	1	1	3
ojEV11n7CTHIo0zw_kMG-w	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	3	I went to Hula's Modern Tiki with my partner.  We were surprised with the renovations and the cool additions to this unique old building.  We decided to sit outside on the patio next to the fire pit.  The weather was beautiful.  It was a perfect night.  The garage door walls were open so the entire restaurant was exposed.  It made for a great setting. -  - I ordered a Blood Orange Martini to start the evening.  It was juicy goodness and I couldn't taste the alcohol which means it is probably lethal.  -  - We ordered a couple of appetizers, the Seaweed Salad which was tasty and the Poke which was great.  It was great because the order comes with a ton of sashimi.  The avocados and the other fixings were blended perfectly.  I fogot I was eating raw fish.  Order the Poke. -  - For our main dishes, my partner ordered Pan Fried Hapu.  He ate the fish then nudged the salad and the rice and bean around his plate.  He wasn't happy.  I ordered the Shrimp Tacos with rice and black beans and a side of Plantains.  The tacos were good, very nice.  The rice and beans were bland.  Which is okay for me when it comes to rice and beans.  The Plantains were awesome.  Delicious. -  - For dessert I ordered the Banana coconut creme pie.  In a word, "Heaven" -  - Hula's creates a nice atmosphere.  I am giving it three stars because I wasn't blown away.  I will be back and may update my review.  I would like to give it four stars one day.	2009-10-20	2	0	3
MyEo9gqbty78hMJkccU9-g	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	eL9zF9XtQMdddfd7GmFbtA	3	Hello I am not a bitter, ranting Yelper. - Bread & Butter was a local gem, now it is not. - Do you appreciate going into a bakery which does not post it's prices, like it did when Chris Herrin owned it?  I mean, do you want to ask the counter person how much a Red Velvet Whoopie Pie is, only to find out the quality has diminished but the prices have gone up?  We LOVED LOVED LOVED Chris' Bread & Butter because of the localness, because of the TLC, the dedication to building community. - Sorry, the physical aspects or the business remain, but the spirit left with Chris. - I do not agree that the salty, EggWorks across the street, coupons and all is any substitute, but Chris Herrin, please POP UP somewhere else.  maybe Fat Choy????	2013-10-22	0	0	3
4Kc0yeJnzPyWL3fv73_CPg	N-OADXqvljHA0JD-Q7pfgA	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	This location is well-stocked, decently organized and easy to navigate through. However, on the flip-side, this location is a smaller one, so it doesn't have the variety of offerings that some of the other, larger locations for this chain have to offer in the area.  -  - We headed here cause the hubs wanted some Marvel t-shirts that were on sale and he had debated getting them from another location and passed them up.  Later that same weekend, he opted to go ahead and get them so we headed here, since it's closer to our home. Unfortunately, they didn't have anywhere near the selection to offer like the other location did, but he was able to find 2 shirts in his size that he ended up purchasing. -  - There was an employee wondering around asking people to give their personal info out for a drawing they were doing, and when we declined it, she didn't seem too happy with it, but we know that the info gathering is really more for them to be able to contact you and market to you. The cashier on the other hand, was extremely friendly and personable throughout the check out process. -  - Overall: B- - Well-stocked for the variety they can offer in a smaller location. Be ready to be asked for survey info, an employee rewards card, to open a credit card, and then for your email to send you an e-receipt. Decent stop-off if you are in the mall anyways.	2014-06-02	1	1	1
dMVTzu6zAFROVSsP91r--A	hkGUrbJeIAUtOQ_5mRmy9A	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	1	My son and I coming from our Doctor's appt and already fasting...so might as well get the lab work done.  I could drive all the way to where I work or just go down the street and have the labs done at Quest.  - BAD CHOICE! - No one really in the office and so we were helped right away.  (The girl at the desk looked like Deena on Jersey Shore-just thought I'd add that) - Got called back right away and my son went first.  The phleb did not look confident at all looking at my son's arm and had to call the Deena-lookalike.  She did not look confident either but poked him on the left arm anyways.   - MISSED!  I can see my son starting to get nervous and he is actually doing well considering he is so scared of needles.  (Poor baby) - Then they keep asking him if he drinks water...OMG....I can understand if my son was sick and dehydrated but don't blame my son for you missing his vein!!!! - Then they poke in the right arm.  MISS!!!!   WTF!! - Are you new???  I can understand if you are new...but when you start telling me to tell my son to start drinking more water....you are lucky I did not poke you in the eye. - How about saying you are INCOMPETENT and APOLOGIZE FOR  MISSING THE VEIN IN MY SON'S ARM. -  - What makes matters worse is my son tells me on the second try, the needle came out and they poked it back in.  BAD!!!!!!  Bad practice, and stupid girls.  Where did you get your license???  Who the hell passed you???? -  - You need to do more check-offs and not blame the patient if you miss! -  - I held my anger in and exclaimed, "We are done" and took our requisitions and left in a hurry.   - Boo on this place and boo on the two girls.   -  - NEVER I will come to this place nor will recommend anyone else to do so.   -  - I felt so bad for my son.	2011-12-22	0	1	1
Utd_lbfVfbxhhuVS5cxWiw	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	1	Being a restaurant at The Cosmopolitan I had possible hopes of a good meal. -  - As soon as my girlfriend and I walked into the restaurant I could sense the unprofessionalism of the wait staff and hostess. The hostess had very dark make up on her face which was completely the wrong color for her complexion. It was very distracting and uncomfortable. I would have thought the manager would have said something to her.   -  - On to the food, I did like the salt and vinegar popcorn that was brought out complimentary. We ordered a coffee which was completely watered down and tasteless, the turkey burger, and the Chicago dogs. The turkey burger was inedible but I was starving so I had half. The tomato was light red and unappetizing and the flavor of the meat was sickening. It was accompanied with naturally cut fries and I could taste the dirtiness of the oil. I did not try my girlfriends mini Chicago hot dogs but she said they tasted previously frozen. I tried her sweet potato fries and they were not cooked properly what so ever. I called over a manager to tell him the quality of the food was terrible and he comped our entire meal.	2013-12-23	0	0	0
SN4QMMCL6FipI3dG82sFew	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	mm1-8hxSTbQH9iUAIkML4w	3	The pizza had too much cheese.  What this place has going for it is it is relatively inexpensive and casual in a city that is over the top.  I think if people were sober, they would not like the pizza as much.	2011-03-11	0	0	0
IbmagfGSq8kx_Jlu13lhvg	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	r9eegeUzH6wa6eknBlRiVQ	5	Red velvet pancakes and chicken adobo fried rice omelettes a MUST!  I'm so sad I live in LA... I miss them!	2014-04-30	0	0	0
IWxQrhZqtwkZgUmjdcfeqA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	jYBqqRCpQLhAOCJ_HvBq7g	5	I don't remember what I had but it was damned good! I had heard about this place so it was essential that I had a sandwich. This place is really good when you have the munchies times ten at any time cause of the convenient hours. I really wish that I could remember what I had but it doesn't even matter. I smashed it! Lol -  - Yay for drunk hunger!	2010-12-29	0	0	0
LItT3WzlitWT72AI78FBOQ	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	3	It could be better - It could be worse. -  - I went to see  the newly renovated buffet at the Aria last week. They did a good job with the remodel. The place is more friendly but also more upscale. The food is easier to access. -  - The menu is not dramatically different from before but there are some new additions. It appeared to me that they were doing their best to copy the buffet at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  -  - There was a nice wide selection. The problem? 50% of the things I selected were either downright cold or lukewarm - maybe tepid. The other 50% ranged from warm to almost hot. -  - It appears it's not possible (at least at the Aria) to serve hot food on a buffet.  -  - The prices are in line with other upscale buffets in the area. The food while cold, did have very nice flavors. The chef knows what he/she is doing. There were some very nuanced dishes - very sophisticated for a buffet.  -  - I will give it another try but if they can't sort out the cold food problem by the next time I visit, my wallet and I will be moving on to one of the other 100 buffets in Vegas.	2013-01-17	0	0	1
vQ8QoiKnjaSimneW5b7GxA	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	WOWWWWWWWW -  - Seriously, wow. We took the kids here one night when we were looking for someplace good to eat. We were going to go to America's but we used to live there, so we tried this place out instead. It's right down the road, so we were like "what the hey." Firstly, the outside is so cool looking. With that big ol sugar skull thing. So artsy. I was a little nervous we'd be out of place. But then we thought... "well, it's not in the nicest area, so it can't be too scenester" SO glad we made that decision. So we go in with the kids and sit at a table. The seating area is very intimate, I didn't mind that. The decor is really cool, gotta love a place with a great ambiance! The server was really nice, not overly nice. He did a great job. Omg the salsa bar is amazing. We tried them all! The kids loved trying them and naming them. The cilantro salsa.... never had anything like it in my life.  -  - I had the fish tacos that were such a relief. I have had some bad fish tacos in the past so I was a little nervous. But wow. We also had a margarita. They were both strong so I got to finish my husbands. Yay for me! :)  -  - I was a little disappointed that there isn't a kid's menu. I think they should make a small taco plate for kids, and maybe an option for a small burrito with a side of beans and rice. But the kids made due just fine. My daughter had a bean and cheese burrito and my son had 2 of the carne tacos. They both loved their choices and my husband swapped a carne taco with one of my Son's fish so they got to try it all. Yum. The chips were also great and made it nice to be able to dive right in to all the salsa options.  -  - The price might be my favorite thing. All four of us ate, got drinks, and my husband and I had a margarita all for about 40 bucks including a nice tip. You really can't beat that! We will DEFINITELY be going back to La Condesa!	2012-12-07	0	0	1
RkY5oMXISH9YMvkDDFw20w	psMQBi2uQVN7c-Sw0xjNMw	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible. The office was busy the day we were there for this install, which shows me they have a very thriving practice. Good to know, in case I ever have to refer someone to a new doctor's office. This one is in a nice business/medical/professional park.	2013-09-02	0	0	0
8Rjd1vCLZ20TgE-3fw86jQ	RRF7KrSLVK19P8UsLXBhzg	PhsGjse7WnOxKr0GC1NyBw	1	Dolce needs a better system for answering the phones. On multiple occasions I have been placed on hold for a really long time (over 10 minutes) before anyone picked up. That is ridiculous! Is this a hair salon or a credit card company?! Sure, you can book online but then you can't pick your stylist. For a salon that prides themselves on their level of customer service this is very disappointing. :-(	2014-01-05	0	0	1
PXWb8FLE-hUIhfynQvykIg	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	1	Wow. Not a good place to go for a drink after work. I went for a work "Happy Hour" to Hanny's last weekend, and could not have been more put off  by the rude staff. I arrived and the group I was joining already had drinks, so I went to the bar to grab a drink.  -  - I asked the bartender what their Happy Hour specials were and he looked at me as if I were an idiot and disdainfully said, "We don't have a Happy Hour (subtext: how terribly gauche of you to even ask), but here is our drink menu," and then shoved an overpriced wine list at me. -  - I was taken aback, but ordered a glass of pinot grigio, and then told him we were on the same ticket as the group right next to the bar. He said to me, "Well do you have a server?" and I replied, "I don't know, I just got here; can you please transfer this drink to that tab?" and he could not have been more rude or disgruntled about it. I'll add that there were a whopping two other people besides my group at the bar, so it's not like he was overwhelmed with other customers. With service like that, it's no wonder. -  - There are much better Happy Hour places you can check out after work - Fez, Switch, Cheuvront all come to mind - so skip the grouchy bartender 'tude and look elsewhere.	2010-06-24	1	1	1
1xD6BeWlw0mxqEQXKVu7rw	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	I returned to Hanny's with the @FoodiesLikeUs Light Rail Dine Around (#PHXLRDA). -  - We were initially served trays of thinly-sliced prosciutto, cheese, pistachios, and cantaloupe. They also brought bruscetta, and tapenade, which was delicious. -  - After a short while, they tried to kill me. -  - Seriously, they brought out two types of pizza; a pepperoni and sausage, and combination style pizza. -  - The pizzas were hands-down some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life. It was amazing. -  - Both come on think crust, the way pizza is meant to be. The sausage and pepperoni is now my most sought after food. -  - If I told you I ate an entire pizza, it's more likely an understatement than exaggeration. -  - I did not have any cocktails, but I love the look of their copper cups when they're ice cold. -  - I enjoyed myself, and will return to Hanny's, without a doubt.	2010-07-30	3	2	3
mEVpwHcWkjcwIbSYgpuqgg	u2PL3uLmwF2HBldVeouFxA	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	1	How did I go from giving Living Spaces 5 stars to 1 star?  Well let me tell you what happened to me. -  - This review is based not on this specific Living Spaces location but it's based on the scheduling department for when your order is ready.  When I went to the actual store in person I was very happy with their customer service and workers.  We went on the computer, they verified my order was right, we looked at the schedule and together we picked a date all of my stuff would get shipped to me.  I work many many hours a week and have very few days off in a month if I even have a day off in a month.  I picked the date 3 weeks out in advanced and let my work know that under no circumstances could I work 4/19/14 because I was having my furniture delivered that day...or so I thought. -  - Come wednesday afternoon 4/16/14 I get a call telling me my order is ready and they would like to schedule a date for delivery.  Schedule a date for delivery? Why whatever could they mean when I had a date set in advance for 4/19/14.  I let them know the date and they inform me that date is not possible.  That although their website says it can do next day or overnight delivery the soonest I would be able to get my stuff would be 4/20/14.  But wait, they made a mistake again, they realized it's a holiday and actually my furniture can't be delievered until 4/21/14.  I think, okay, let me see what in my life I can rearrange while I'm at work of course.  I tell the scheduler I need to contact a family member and see if that personc an please sit at my house and wait for the furniture to arrive and request that the scheduler please call me back as I did not have my order information with me at work when they called.  She stated she would, I verified again, please call in 30 minutes exactly, I will be waiting at the phone.  She promises up and down she'll call back but never calls again. -  - Now I'm heated, I call myself and speak with a different scheduler now.  Hi, I'd like to set up my order for delivery, ya know the girl who dropped $4000 at your store, yeah me.  Second scheduler, a man this time, tries to set me up for 4/19/14, I tell him I would LOVE it if he could book me for that day, but it was my understanding there was supposedly no way humanly possible they could ship it to me by then.  He checks his schedule, "you're correct Ms. we cannot get your items to you until monday 4/21/14.  I say okay, please schedule it that day.  He asked if I wanted 8am to 2pm or 12pm to 6pm.  I tell him 2pm - 6pm, and he let's me know someone will call me the night before to narrow the time frame to a 3 hour window. -  - I think great, I've arranged my life, and my mothers life so that she can go to my house and wait for my furniture if I cannot make it out of my meetings in time to be there and I beg my boss to please provide me half day at work for this special circumstance because I'm tired of sitting on the floor in my giant empty house. My boss agrees and I think it's all settled.  But it get better because it's not even literally 30 seconds after I hang up when I get a voicemail message telling me they actually cannot bring my furniture monday 4/21/14 but they've decided to move it to 4/22/14. -  - Moved my appointment? What? After I just got done on the phone telling you I'm a psycho workaholic with barely enough time to sleep let alone sit around a house for 8 wasted hrs waiting for furniture.  And you've taken it upon yourself to move it to 8am-2pm as well, even better!!! ***sarcasm*** -  - I call them back now speaking with a different scheduler again, and tellt hem I specifically said I couldn't make it that day. What happened to my monday appt?  Scheduler #3 tells me that it's too short notice and it has to be pushed further out, how about wednesday 4/23/14.  I tell her no, I have important meetings all day, I cannot just drop my life whenever THEY want me to and let her know I'll call back.  So I do call back, today 4/18/14 to arrange it with PLENTY of time for 4/26/14 and they tell me I'm all set...or so you would think wouldn't you.  I ask, is it a morning time frame or afternoon time frame?  Scheduler #4 doesn't know what I mean so I let him know everyone else I've talked to has always given me the options of morning or afternoon.  I would like to arrange 8am to 2pm.  But Scheduler #4 tells me that's not even an option and that they've all been instructed not to provide time frames. -  - I explain to him the headache they've put me through trying to get ahold of my own furniture that I paid for already a month ago and I just want my stuff now, quit holding it hostage.  But scheduler #4 tells me, "can't you just pick a day you have the whole day off?"  Well yeah but that's not for weeks so now I have to request another special day off of work so I can sit at home all day long waiting for them to show.  I give up and give in, book it, and scheduler #4 hangs up briskly. What an @$$hole!!!!!!	2014-04-18	0	2	3
7zrHS0ZQpRBHeQW9Q9GHxg	c2eeBEolkJRloXVBuD6cjg	gAQCJep1C81sJevoigBD4g	1	Only giving 1 star because my pedi was decent. The absolute worst gel mani I have ever received. 1) no manicure at all 2) didn't buff my nails so imagine how that looks with polish now 3) gel brush was hard! And still used it 4)gel was DRIED out and still used it. I even said, "do you need a new brush?" and she ignored me. The gel off one nail has come off after only 1 WEEK. Cuticle is a mess and gel polish is chipped on several nails. there is nothing worse than a disappointing day at the salon. Especially in Vegas.	2011-10-24	1	0	1
fvJfIITPvnBVYvdmQ-85Kg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	5	My favorite joint in Vegas! From the Kiwi-watermelon lemonade to the Sage Fried Chicken (waffles have bacon in them, BACON!), the place is off the hook! A friend of mine visited from NY and she was literally moaning (I was a little embarrassed) while eating! Oh! The Man vs Food Benny and snickers flapjacks are a must too!  - Deciding on what to have here is really hard, everything is delicious. The portions are ginormous, I always end up bringing half of my food home. If you try it, I guarantee you won't regret it.	2013-11-02	2	2	2
kSznlj_9LAwe_jVA23Wiiw	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	bOlWtp4Fe5cWnPcECTWAAA	4	Perfect after a long night of drinking or to prep your stomach for a long night of drinking. I always stop here before/after, whenever I'm at the Palms. Sandwiches are legit and consistent.  -  - Service is used to drunk tourists, and even when there's a line, it's worth sticking around for a really good sandwich.	2014-06-15	1	2	1
wtaL946-mTiL7O9EbGx4ZA	xxI4mlNAkbOxVTt9SufkNw	_F_Veo7apY0NbBhKWJ7DJg	4	The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.	2013-10-29	0	0	1
diNUiHFpYOtsUqqWQKlqjw	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	Went for the $5 burger night. - Chorizo seasoned beef on a bun is definitely a winning concept. With red onions, lettuce, and chipotle mayo, it was amazing. -  - The shoestring fries are always a hit. -  - Also had the Double Down. Love the hummus, and the baba ganoush was a hit with my companion.	2012-02-27	1	0	2
Z7jmgArmuOc-tbXjJfq4_Q	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	Qru63gLdl7mQ8v8jvF-BnQ	1	bad service from the get go, the only reason why we went here was because a restaurants.com coupon  we had bought, and they just make you feel like you are getting it for free, they do not realize that we paid for the coupon and this is a way to have your restaurant be known, I have another groupon and I rather lose it then go again.	2013-12-13	0	0	0
KaA36rC73evhVvgxDtwtXQ	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	My first visit to @StFrancisPHX was part of the @FoodiesLikeUs Light Rail Dine Around (#PHXLRDA). -  - There was about 20 or so in our group, including wheelchair-bound attendees. -  - My initial impression wasn't a great one, as I got the impression that finding seating for us all, together, was more a chore for them, than doing business. It was later explained to me that our group inadvertently caused the problem. -  - Once we were seated, they brought out some bread, and oil. The bread was tasty, but there was maybe 8 oz of oil, for 20+ people. -  - On the recommendation of some people I trust, I ordered the Chile Verde. -  - It did not disappoint! Served in a mini iron skillet, with a nice chile right on top, and a couple wedges of corn bread, the meal was fantastic. -  - The chile had a very noticeable "bulkiness" to it, that I look for in good chile. Plenty of meat, and plenty of burn, without trying to permanently destroy taste buds. -  - The corn bread was a tad dry, which made it a bit too crumbly and fragile for really getting into dipping, but it was delicious, and soaked up the flavor quite nicely. -  - As this was our second stop, and I (stupidly) had over-indulged at our first location, AND we still had dessert to obtain, I was unable to finish my meal. But St. Francis has great little togo containers, so I now have lunch for tomorrow! -  - As a chef, I appreciated, and enjoyed, the open style kitchen. It's always a pleasure to observe people when they cook, but considerably more so when I know the food could be/is my own dish. -  - Overall, I had a good experience. I would certainly love to return, and fully intend on doing so, especially when the weather cools a bit, so I can enjoy the patio. I would also love to have the window seat upstairs.	2010-07-30	1	1	2
AM15N9l5L8jP8X4-phPPJg	-xfC8kvDn3TN5uhkeTT0JA	VgwwkSFyrMKA5_C4jN4wQQ	5	Been going there for years.  Great knowledge and customer service!!!!	2013-06-13	0	0	1
J_nF6S6ptAp6F4Vs0H3CDg	3C7AWEyLV1DHf8rTaJDACA	IJ3m1dLcXv_NjDlXQ5J8Iw	5	I don't have a ton to say, except that this co-op greatly exceeded my expectations.  I had been expecting high prices, but what I found was reasonable, and comparable to grocery stores I've been to.  The fresh-prepared foods looked amazing, and the cream cheese and vegetables I got were fantastic. -  - Also, I love buying local stuff, and there is a ton of that here.  Became an owner on my first trip. -  - EDIT: Also, I REALLY want to stress how not pretentious / not intimidating this place was.  I've been to co-ops where people sneer at you for having bags with a grocery store logo, and there was none of this here.	2011-05-22	1	0	1
xVT8S5B3drK6FKupytgU-g	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	Yts2CXV1yU9yVRgH7Bf9Gg	4	If you have a group, walk straight to the host and ask to put your name down. She will text you when your table is ready.  Use that time to go shopping or gambling.  -  - I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, truffle fries, and Jalepeno poppers.  -  - The burger was delicious with a nice Jalepeno kick.  -  - I was kind of disappointed with the texture of the fries but the flavor was good. I prefer my fries a little more crispier on the outside.  -  - The jalepeno poppers were interesting, but I think I like the presentation more than the taste.  I'm not sure how warm this dish is supposed to be, but some of the jalapeos were almost cold inside.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
gIvCC0sIMtLLRsIXUpNQMQ	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	9yyOm0M0e0UAICGzXZLCmA	3	Very nice place...   Friendly and fast service. I arrived at 10:30 in the morning for breakfast and was seated almost immediately. I asked the waitress for her advice... and was served a very flavorful breakfast. Not only was it tasty, it was very artfully presented. I will admit though, as quickly as my meal arrived at  the table it was just... well... warm. Otherwise it would have been an easy four stars instead of a tough three stars. - Still it was an enjoyable breakfast. - I hafta say though this is not a budget breakfast... dropped a hundred bucks with tip for four people.	2013-02-23	0	0	0
dQoGB8ujRimd75cLXBqfyA	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	3	3 Stars goes to CUT.  -  - The Steak prepared for me was absolutely spot on, perfect texture, flavor and presentation.  -  - However my buddies pork chop was fatty, undercooked and overall poor (WHY he got a pork chop at a steakhouse is beyond me, but to each his own) -  - Excellent service and sides as well. But let's be honest, not worth the hype, another of LA's great icon's gone bad to Vegas.	2008-08-05	0	0	1
GRMVWOEX-vFVDtkZqQaikw	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	_IIfEfcOpH2_7ytiDyE2TA	5	Never will I make another trip to Vegas without getting my double double fix! These burger and just plain juicy, saucy, meaty and  onion goodness. They are so close yet so far, just two states from me?? what gives??	2010-12-24	0	0	0
2Mde-x8TLR2TD1U0FNHUlA	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	Don't shoot me!  I don't think this buffet is worth all they hype.  We had a group of 5 and we came here on a Sunday night.  We waited in line for more than an hour.  By the time we were seated we were tired and starving.  I didn't even want wine anymore.  I got a glass anyways and drank maybe half. -  - The food was good but nothing like..."OMG this is the best Buffet food and it was totally worth waiting for more than an hour".   NO WAY.  Would I come again?  I hope not...I don't like long lines for mediocre food that you could get at any Las Vegas buffet.	2012-03-07	2	2	2
b6rU4caR7S9YIpqgdiDaPg	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	drqxDaKNo7LetXh6CzCi8A	3	Me and my friend wanted to go there for a long time now and soon as we got there the host was very nice to us and the server was very nice, the food was ok not what i expected but it was a fun experience.	2014-07-15	0	0	0
tuBWBsRYXOyIwf4vTTLYzw	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	3	On this visit I was not as impressed with the food as I was on my first visit. -  - I came here for breakfast and ordered the 2 egg breakfast which comes with bacon, potatoes, and your choice of bread. My friend decided on the golden brown pancakes. -  - While waiting for our food, the waiter puts down a side plate of packets of butter and 2 miniature containers of syrup. My friend and I decided to ask the owner about her choice of serving pre packaged butter and syrup. She told us it was more sanitary, they could tell how much syrup each customer used, and was more cost effective. Her answer was satisfactory until I really thought about it and my side of English muffins came out. The butter packet was on top of the English muffin and it was barely toasted and soggy. I thought to myself how many times those butter packets have been handled and how unsanitary it was sitting on top of my English muffin.  -  - On to the two eggs breakfast I ordered and my friends golden pancakes. The breakfast was fine however, the chicken apple sausage was very greasy. My friends pancakes were tasty but also greasy and the portion was ginormous.	2014-07-06	1	1	1
FiqzRUE-41aRD7wwQSyj4A	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	vYvIxVpNmx7oUkBVwZALMQ	1	So far, Aria is the latest five-star hotel in Las Vegas. However their buffet didn't taste like a five-star. I was so expected and was proven wrong on the Christmas Holiday dinner ($39.99+Tax). -  - Its buffet is on the 2nd floor (which is hard to find) and there's no restroom near by the buffet. You need to walk to the Viva Elvis theater for it (which is hard to find too). The line was long, but since it's on the 25th, we were ready to wait. -  - We came in at a large group of 12 and we understand it may be hard to find a table for 12 at a busy time like this, so we decided to split our group into 2 six-people groups and hope it would be easier. The hostess took the first six-people group and then gave us a four people seat! WTH?! When we asked she insisted that she just asked for four people to come in while we actually asked for six, and claimed "there is no other seat available at this time" while we can clearly see some other tables for two or four available for combining them and making it six. She even insisted two of us should go back to the front cashier and start all over again. How frustrating it is for staying in the line 2 hrs and cannot get seated in? I immediately asked for speaking to the manager. He responsed very quick and politely provided resolutions, trying to resolve the seating problem. We ended up getting another two seat table separated from the table of four. Although it's not the best solution, I think I could accept that partly because the manager's attitude is nice, but mainly because I was so hungry and exhausted standing in the line. Let me have my food rather than the seating crap. -  - Originally I assume the Holiday dinner should have lots of selections; however Aria let me down because they only have few selection - Chinese, Italian and Indian. They served crab lag and shrimp cocktail, which is good because I paid more than $40 bucks and expect to see those. They served lamb, which is great because not every buffet served it. But the mint was a bit odd. I would hope it was like the jelly, not the green-looking sauce. As for Chinese dish, it looks like the all-you-can-eat Samwoo (place that sells roast ducks, BBQ porks, shumais etc.) with much less choices. I was not very impressed. -  - Their dessert looks gorgeous partly because of the glass plate they use. The Yule log is great, while another weird dessert with an tiny oreo on the top tastes like a weird combination of chocolate syrup and Robitussin. They have gelato but I am not a big fan. Not too much fruit to choose.  -  - Overall this buffet is so overpriced especially for its dinner. Not too many food choices here. If you come in with a large group, be prepared because hostesses don't seem to know how to handle large group seatings. If you choose to stay at Aria and wanna have a buffet, do yourself a favor by walking to Bellagio.	2010-01-02	1	1	3
x2O2ukeZOZIZ0x9Cr6ttbQ	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	4b5KLpv8nL_0KBegDd7RVg	5	Fantastic food and service!  The catfish was amazing and be sure to try the bread pudding for dessert!  Our server Frank was top notch, very attentive and his menu recommendations were spot on!  This restaurant is a true jewel of the Las Vegas cuisine scene.  Check it out today!	2011-04-17	0	0	0
v7tK3r1XJHR-JrhDxGGwXw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	D3kBC-5fPND_rnKIidrvLA	5	i just love chef bobby flay... - all that matters: great atmosphere, delicious spicy food, great presentation, had an awesome time and great service, does not cost an arm and a leg.... cant beat that!  - AND its bobby flay! - i had the blue corn pancake, spiced rubbed pork tenderloin, stuffed releno.... - just try it!	2010-09-14	0	0	0
e0Q7w6v-5XmEhE4yNrkXRA	JlwJPlkE5E_97sPhqWnmCg	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	4	I saw Traci B for my haircut yesterday. She did a great job of listening and understanding what my needs were. I have naturally curly hair and need to keep my length or else it will shrink and look crazy when I don't straighten it. She made sure to only take off only what I requested and no more. Not only was Traci friendly, but so was the entire staff.  -  - The only reason I didn't give the salon a 5 was because they close so early! As a corporate employee, I leave work at 5-6PM and the salon closes at 6 so that makes it very difficult for me to schedule my appointments. I usually enjoy getting my haircut on a Friday so I can enjoy my weekends without having to worry about beauty visits.  -  - Other than that. It was good enough for me to schedule my next visit before leaving yesterday. For me, a hater of haircuts, that's a pretty big deal.	2014-05-24	0	0	0
qd-RkJ0EplsbqQL9sKlwdg	V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	IPl1OfF8tuGjykKdiN8OsA	3	Patty, my shepard mix, liked the place ok. It was tucked away in a shopping center and limited in space. There were unusual beer and cocktails available for brunch, but it was not eye popping. Brunch was really good and tasty but a bit expensive.Thanks OJTable.	2013-02-15	0	0	1
lyaqEE9Bt61GfIsY6yiXEw	8w48H-7HwQX-fJx1Wl8glg	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	I actually did my externship here while in college (I had gone for Dental Assisting but in the end, it just wasn't for me) with Dr. Joe Osdieck, who ended up becoming my personal dentist as well. His chairside manner is amazing! He is also a great guy personally...so imagine my shock and sadness when he broke the news to me he was moving to Tucson to do his pediatric residency for 3 years! -  - Along came his friend, Dr. Cameron Blythe, who was just as good a dentist. Enjoyed having him for my dentist as well. He did my gold crown and also set me up with prescription sensitive toothpaste since i have such sensitive teeth.I really like how he takes time with each patient to fully answer questions, check out their teeth, and just spread sunshine to a patient's day.  -  - All the staff here are great and I am a happy patient.	2014-05-24	0	0	0
P3PDWubBgkCZ0Z-N-EFOMw	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	LhoFewTGC9ooaJiSY18OMQ	4	Boyfriend & I had dinner here on a Friday night.. We started with Chilled Shrimp Cocktail and baby artichoke salad. For the main course he ordered the 10 oz. Filet Mignon /Diver Sea Scallops and sauteed spinach , and I had the halfsteak 6 oz. Angus skirt steak (which came w/ two "half" sides), Baby Shiitake Mushrooms, corn, and can't forget the wine... a nice bottle of Susan Balbo malbec.  -  - First off, we would have never chose this place if it weren't for the $100 credit... with that being said I'll start this lovely review! -  - Craftsteak is a pretty trendy looking place, nice big bar and lounge area to hang out in. Servers are very nice, only complaint is that we had to refill our wine once ourselves, no biggie. The bread is SO GOOD. It's freshly baked w/ sea salt on top, it doesn't dissapoint! Shrimp cocktail was good, artichoke salad was great. I've never had anything like it and was very satisfied. Boyfriend's filet was ok, scallops were better, spinach was nothing special. My halfsteak was more like a full steak! Corn was delicious, mushrooms were not. For dessert we had the crunchy rice pudding (think rice pudding in fried pastry) w/ pineapples on the side. YUMMY. At this point our bellies were very full. Bill came out to around $250 w/ tip.  -  - Would we come back? Probably if we were ever in MGM again (highly unlikely.. I hate MGM =/). Craftsteak is good but not great.  -  - ENJOY!	2009-07-08	0	0	0
T3Sp6HUMZWmLbH9l5ZFJmw	ZdemvVChUqk74CezZ9SD4g	wJv-7qPE2Knmy9OZDCpmEA	5	I came here for my cousin's 3D ultrasound. The experience we had here was absolutely beautiful and special.  -  - Each appointment takes place in a large private room with a bunch of comfy couches so you can have a lot of people share in on the experience. The technician talked us through the entire ultrasound adding cute comments here and there about how cute my nephew looked. She was really sweet. They also had serene music playing, which definitely added to the ambiance and made everything feel that much more special. -  - After the appointment was over, the technician gave my cousin a disk with a bunch of pictures and a few video recordings of our session. -  - I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a lovely place to purchase 3D ultrasounds!	2014-01-25	0	0	1
10OicZPIfMfvwaWrCJHVWA	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	1cZHyRrbNbUhsmm6BdzELA	2	I was so excited to try this place out and hyped it up so much I didn't think it could disappoint. I saw this place featured on Man v. Food and on countless billboards around the Strip. This location, inside Imperial Palace, had a huge line and fairly long wait. I was famished and didn't mind the wait as long as the food lived up to all the hype. Before I even looked at the menu, I knew I wanted to order their signature dish...the chicken and waffles. While I waited for my order to arrive, I saw a wide arry of delicious dishes being zipped back and forth in front of our table. All looked craftly plated, with huge heaping portions. I salivated each time my beloved (or so I thought) chicken and waffles would zip in and out of my line of sight. Finally it arrived, moment of truth. I bite into my deep fried chicken breasts and was underwhelmed to say the least. Batter was soggy, not crispy with the resounding crunch I had imagined. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and moved on to the waffles, hoping that Hash House would redeem themselves here. But alas, I was disappointed yet again. The waffles were huge, and filed with bacon which made my eyes grow large with a childlike wonder, yet I lamented again when I found those waffles to be soggy and rather flat in flavor.  -  - Needless to say I walked away from this place pretty much disappointed. Will probably not be returning anytime soon...at least not on my own accord.	2011-11-22	0	0	0
wipvsKz72d3kPg0C0a1a3Q	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	7fsfvAZXpbeg20v5igfHMA	3	The view (in and outside of the bathroom) is really amazing, couldn't agree with everybody more. -  - Apart from that, it's pretty on par or even below. Decor is quite pathetic for what they strive to be, unless you have infra-red glasses, it's simply too dark and the DJ absolutely sucked ass. -  - The crowd is what you'd expect: desperate wannabees with nothing to say for themselves and only interested in posing. Everybody who works there thinks they are the bee's knee,  but service is at least professional and quick, and the drinks were quite good. -  - So for an extra dirty Grey Goose martini, a vertigo-inducing pee and gazing at the lights, I'd definitely recommend the place. Just don't waste your money if it's a night with a cover.	2008-01-08	0	0	1
HaX5NZneIlRUvBhlDoA_5g	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	aL_fIWLAqpdhOt5VjRc1wg	5	Where do I even begin....Bobby Flay has done something outstanding here - what a meal - what an experience! I have to say, one of the best meals I have ever had. -  - Service - spot on, our waitress was a joy to have - if we could have - we would have asked her to join us. I wish I knew her name. We liked her so much, my husband proposed to her with a corn husk tie from his corn tamale. -  - The food was outstanding, I had the sweet potatoe soup to start, and had my meal ended there I would have been ecstatic, but lucky for me, there was more to come. The bread selection (yes there was a selection of three different breads) was great - jalapeno asiago bread was a big A+ for me. -  - My entree was the grilled mahi mahi - and it was PERFECT, just a little heat, so much flavor it was a party in my mouth that I didn't want to have end. -  - If you are on the strip you have to go here.	2013-02-26	0	1	1
BXZrKoG7SJeYSrSTXPjfHQ	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	5Iv2RHUc9tJfMDUpH6pFGg	5	Its expensive for sure, but it is  THE BEST buffet in Vegas. HANDSDOWN!!! They have everything you could ever want and its all good. Nothing tastes processed or like it was made to cut corners since there is such a high turn around. The line is constantly long because its THAT good!!	2014-01-14	0	0	0
dqkL-Xg0UjR2dU_n-kHLAw	5Feaj6aixO_QxKFnkHf3xg	lI-uMvnPg56a2pIgm6x-qw	4	warning- resort fees!!  booked room on line- based on location and great rate. all paid for on check in. hit with $64.18 resort fee for two nights= $32.00+/nt. called and asked what this represents- told it was for spa and pools. (even though they were not used during stay). resort is nice, staff friendly. they should include these "resort fees" in their quoted room rate. giving the consumer the real price so they can make their decision. posting this so other's will be aware  before purchasing rooms.	2012-12-23	0	0	0
MH579qAR85UNZYoX012ODg	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	1	This trendy place only has its shakes keeping it in business. We had just arrived from Los Angeles, with empty stomachs, in effort to experience a burger at the Burger Bar. Unfortunately we were starving and couldnt make it to the Burger Bar in time, we caved in and stopped by Holsteins. They had great reviews, figured we would get something small to sooth the hunger pains. We ordered classic sliders with no mustard, sweet potato fries, and a vanilla malt. The sliders were tiny, not even worth splitting. The little meat patty was dry and the bread was dry.	2013-09-06	0	0	1
cEJy8tgdjyjda97C-5TD2w	SqtqHxqNcwwH8rv4XB3Q1w	j1UagK_zBh0O5ITmcQFsvQ	4	This was my first visit, and my nails look awesome.   -  - The owner was very nice, very attentive and asked a lot of questions about how I like my nails and what I liked about my other nail salon.  I've never had a consultation on my nail preference and I really appreciated that he wanted to give me the nails I wanted.   -  - I will admit it smelled kinda funny in there... like food, but I'm not there to eat I'm there to get my nails done.  It was close to dinner time, he might have had something to eat.   -  - They also have their sanitizing machine out where you can see them being used.  I have an issue when salons don't show that they sanitize or have sanitary equipment. -  - They also are less expensive than most other shops... I had my old set removed and a new set added (with uv gel over) for $33.00.   -  - This is not a new Locaation for a nail shop; there had been another shop there before.  I was told this is new ownership.	2012-12-01	0	0	3
M9iplmdPgsiYDWy4qnpm6g	91uSm9J20iRmqe7qmINs4w	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	It's LEGO blocks, sets and great scenes built to look through and enjoy - stealing Rachel M.'s line - "what's not to love"? -  - The staff was very friendly and helpful to all the customers and they seemed knowledgeable about what was available and ordering from other stores to get the products people wanted.  It was clean and well kept up despite the dozen or so little ones playing in every bin.   -  - It was really tempting to buy the Star Wars set and relive our youth through building a Millennium Falcon! -  - Overall: A+ - Toys. Friendly staff.  Nostalgia.	2013-10-16	2	2	2
peOpbaqwz7x-VBZMUHxSnQ	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	4	Found ourselves driving aimlessly around Phoenix on Christmas Eve (seriously, nothing was open and no one was around) and just before we were about to throw in the towel (it was 4pm!) we found this place.  -  - Happy Hour is only a rumor in Chicago so we were excited to happen upon Hula's HH during this time. Some apps and specialty drinks are priced at $5 and they both get the job done.  Not mind-blowing awesome, but pretty good.  With the $5 off when you check-in on yelp, we ended up with a bill of $10.  Nice and easy. -  - It's unusual for us midwesterners to dine outside on Christmas Eve, but the welcoming outdoor patio with a huge firepit in the middle helped me forget about a White Christmas. I'll take al fresco dining, please.  Service was attentive and friendly to us out-of-towners. -  - Whenever I'm in town, which will be more often now as my family has moved here, I'll make sure to try to include a visit here to my itinerary.	2013-01-09	2	1	3
53UtDGoIumEmGlP8IG5c_w	AB7oEY5ACn0JUfD114hcow	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	Came here to help a friend buy jeans...which can be quite a daunting task. Tiffany helped us out and was more than knowledgeable. I told her what we were looking for and before you could say Rock N' Republic she had 6 pairs of jeans that were all super cute. My friend ended up picking out 2 pairs. Thank you Tiffany for all your help...you were wonderful :)	2011-03-01	2	0	1
9lMykzTNDdGGecl6P_P6hQ	5FLRsYrT6w2VSDvQDhphXg	q6dO47biiFA1trnplhakyQ	1	The biggest rip off I've ever had in Vegas, I paid $14 for a caprese salad that was two slices tomato, cucumber, and a tiny ball of mozzarella, then $28 for Kobe beef meatball spaghetti where the marinara sauce was very ordinary and the meatballs tasted like pork.  My friend said his $24 chicken dish was dry, and the service was abominable, as it took an hour for entrees to arrive and even then the waiter didn't check with us. There must " literally " be over 200 better priced Italian restaurants in Vegas than this over priced crap factory.	2011-01-08	0	0	0
8myNWLLCiCcmkAP9MHYxqg	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	LaGNXX2DJAhK68euSuigbA	5	My favorite fusion restaurant. The pricing is great, food tastes phenomenal!! -  - Here are my favorites: -  - Fusion Taco - Fusion Enchilada - Jim's Bulgogi Fried Rice - Fusion Torta -  - I do not recommend the quesadilla, it was too heavy with cheese for me. -  - One of my favorite restaurant to take friends that are visiting Las Vegas. Every single one of my friends loved it, even with me hyping up the food so much	2013-01-23	0	0	0
r5rNX5I_OubjHjY82b5ehA	NK-8zniVfA21IQoQCynrDg	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	5	Finally had my first Cronut!!!!! OMG YUM!!!!! Thank you America for these lovely pastries! We tried the original and the lemon and they were both delicious. And they better be for $3.50 a Cronut. I will most def be coming back for more.	2013-12-20	0	0	0
rYiqefc0tDDZdhhbM7HsiA	MjNHFNzphMaDI5d-VLEj2Q	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Love this store! So clean and organized. Have loads of great stuff for cheap.	2012-02-07	0	0	0
r-EoIlpRPPW3zoNayOcL9w	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	MsqP0CXBrvOpYly-O3mAMQ	5	I stay at MGM quite often and never was up for steak  before. -  - After my dinner there I am quite disappointed that I never partook previously in the fabulousness that is craftsteak. -  - I selected the Platinum Kobe tasting menu, this is the middle tasting selection. -  - I am forgetting exactly what was served, but what I do remember was Kobe Beef Tartare, Scallops, Strip, Rib eye, Skirt selections, Potato Puree, Bread Pudding, and Chocolate Lava Cake -  - The stuff I was forgetting was also superbly prepared but not as memorable to me personally. -  - The service was outstanding and the wait staff was very helpful with the questions I asked. -  - I plan on visiting more of the many top notch steak joints I hear LV has just to see if they can match this meal or do it one better, its going to be hard though.	2008-04-06	3	0	2
Yt5bMFwQhX3SHyXWRRvcSA	rE2InW2Jmjy6hzH3p4Iyjw	dlW-2n1W1i86ihqF3-0cVw	5	Very clean	2012-08-15	0	0	0
j2oG5vR-969YkjXZ4rBcWA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	3	Sure, the food looked like gourmet.  However, it was an underwhelming experience for me.  I liked the rib eye and lamb, but everything else was overcooked or left cold for too long.  Desserts was good, but I'd rather get my desserts fix at Jean Philippe. If this is the number 1 rated buffet in Vegas, I really don't wanna try any other buffets.	2013-08-08	1	1	1
RWlZayAmOt75cRsn7uyZRg	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	wMwuwNOBLHsy50HKT4fLwQ	5	This place is a legit 5 star place.  Lots of beautiful people.  I never realized the beautiful people of Arizona hang out in Scottsdale.  Chopped salad, pork belly pastrami, short ribs, scallops, dream jar, coffee, and the wife's sangria.  All well prepared, with quality ingredients, presented artfully and timely.  Frickn Scottsdale, had no idea, my boy TR3 would love this town, lotsa tall white people.	2012-11-25	0	0	0
AemeCaUK5GN0wqmrR2PNXg	-llVVJ6nzq_Io2o-m3EOEQ	S6AvVYHwd949SIwIvcwB8w	1	I have no idea who Gary is, and with 8 complaints (some which were probably never filed including my issue) it doesn't make you A+. I stand by my ACTUAL ENCOUNTER. Your store is scum and 2 filtered (sadly) comments prove it. The end. -  - Never mind... Gareth "Gary" is Nick's father. Daddy to the rescue (@.@)	2013-08-12	0	0	2
A8w8vJI942R5qcYu7moUCg	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	xMW4Y7RZOLEKhvT1d4pJqQ	3	I have to say I was expecting the best burger coming from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  I'm hoping it was just an error but the amount of salt in my burger made it seem like they were covering up meat that was soon to go bad!  Also I ordered it medium rare and it came completely overcooked.  The waitress was so busy chatting with some friends of hers she never came over to check on everything.  Definitely not the burger I was hoping for and Gordon would be embarrassed knowing this burger made it off the line.	2013-07-17	0	0	0
YbMfWFo3wE9UEJlOdOlp5Q	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	iRyLGXOUWCB3mUIw-be86g	5	this buffet really is the best buffet in vegas.  better than bellagio and any other comparable buffet.  the price is comparable with bellagio's.  the wynn buffet not only BEAUTIFUL, but the food is great as well.  also, the service is awesome!  they efficiently remove your plate everytime you leave and replace your napkin! -  - best of the buffet: -  - prime rib - waffles - mashed potatoes	2008-11-25	0	0	0
huEjVTFPP2MjbCaGNUMgYw	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Yeah this place is still Crazy Sexy Vegasy Cool! 40 years now! It's one of the very few free standing restaurants on LVBLVD.   -  - Crazy: Faux plants and cherry blossom trees everywhere. They got Tiffany lamps with pink flamingos...what's even crazier that it's still shiny new. The place does not look dated. AT ALL. Oh and not one speck of dust or dirt. The whole place is pristine. They've got someone assigned to sweep the carpet even. -  - Sexy: Waitresses still don the cute mini dress uniforms and the cocktail waitresses still wear long dresses with the high leg slits. Cozy circular purple velour booths. It all still looks like what I remember when I used to frequent the Peppermill lounges back in the day with my hot date aka Mr. B.  -  - Vegasy Cool: Disco day glo colors of purple, pink and teal. Just the whole late 70's early 80's era theme still preserved. Fun, showy and flashy. I love it! -   - Oh yeah the food: Everything on the menu, served 24/7! Darn it, they didnt preserve the 70's prices but at least the prices not as high like they charge at strip resorts.But not Denny's cheap either. Our meal came out to pretty much what we pay for two lunches,drinks and dessert $40 something  ..not bad at all.  Along with breakfast, they also have sandwiches, burgers, salads and pasta. -  - My tradition was always ordering breakfast and a banana split late night! I still do. The serving portions are still ginormous.  2 scoops each of Vanilla, Chocolate and Strawberry ice cream. That's enough to share w/3 more people according to our server. -   - Service: Great! Especially since it was fairly busy. -   - We had a real pleasant time here and will most likely be back.	2013-11-01	8	8	7
7tE_gkaErA4-28Mzddjw2g	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	w6shEHxRqk858htCtP5oAQ	5	This buffet is a step up compare to Wynn's buffet! Bellagio has the beautiful desserts and different selections of food like Wynn but it is more delicious! Make Bellagio your last buffet in Vegas! Because you know what they say, save the best for last. And this is definitely the best ever! :)	2011-01-07	0	0	0
eKYhnAAsPe4oDCo24eg3uw	mD3_Ta6YURrSbF8Dft885w	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	1	I've been to this one and the one on Longmore & Southern (all in one day, mind oou), and was very disappointed in both stores. Why? Because their customer service isn't very good, for one thing, although I will say the service at this location is way better than at the other store. At least at this one they are polite and will actually take the time to wait on you and help you in any way they can. At the other store, both the people working looked and acted like they didn't want to be there, especially the female employee. I've seen more expression on a mannequin than what I saw with her! She was as blank as a piece of paper! She was snarky and sarcastic with the customer I saw her assisting (if you want to call it that). The guy at the other register was on the phone while also cashing out someone who had brought in items to sell. The guy looked very hung over and looked as if he'd fall asleep standing up at any moment. He talked really slow and sluggish. He was taking his own sweet time and there were many of us in line. I finally said "Forget It" and left. (This was all at the Southern/Longmore store). I could have written a separate review for each store, but why when I wasted enough time just GOING to them both! -  - At this one on Rural & Broadway, they had run out of money in their register from so many people bringing in items to sell/exchange/trade and the girl told me this...on the SECOND visit I paid to them on this day. At the FIRST one, she told me she was swamped with items they had gotten via sells and that it would be at least 2 hours or so before she could get to me...so I went home.  -  - Overall, a really crappy experience from BOTH of these locations and if I can help it, I don't plan to ever set foot in either of these stores again!	2013-07-03	1	1	1
0d6HEOpL3uLP9XmAWv4KXA	kJh6851D00h5ioNiw5nQBw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Really interesting place and definitely somewhere you should stop off and take a look at if you have the time.  It has a huge campus and tons of options of things to look at throughout.  Everything from small plants / succulents / pots, to large plant-able trees and giant pots that could easily be used for decor around the yard!   -  - If you are in the Cave Creek area swing on by and walk around - it's worth it. -  - Overall: A-	2013-10-14	0	0	0
J2gQZ9k39wJkG-rHm8qQHQ	5FLRsYrT6w2VSDvQDhphXg	lXjZyfQGvF6MIiSKAobDPQ	2	Went here on our trip due to reviews. Food was good, not amazing, but overpriced for Italian food. Waiter totally forgot about us after we got our food and waited at least 40 minutes just to get the check. Also think I got food poisoning from lobster truffle gnocchi. Disappointed to say the least.	2014-02-17	0	0	0
DG9ruAPYVe35PNPbQRAg-Q	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	2	Earl of Sandwich is a touristy place with average tasting sandwiches. I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich without the bacon. The sandwich was poorly made and all of the ingredients in it were sub par. Romaine lettuce wilted and the cheddar cheese tasted like plastic. Bread was fine but the grill or panini maker they make it on needs to be cleaned more thoroughly because it had that dirty type of grill taste. Not impressed and this is why I rarely eat in casinos.	2014-06-16	0	0	0
N29ravQWf4rAfa7G_H2F2Q	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	3	I wanted to really like this place, I had high expectations of course. Maybe we should go back and try the breakfast fare instead. I ordered a club and my boyfriend ordered a blue cheese bacon burger. The fried mac and cheese pops were amazingly delicious but there was only 3 smallish ones! I was expecting more than 3 for $9. :( The waitress was nice but not overly so. I think the price was too much for what I got. My boyfriend said his burger was one of the best though, and I tried a bite with only "toppings" (no beef) and it was pretty interesting.  -  - I might have to give it another try and see if it can rank higher.	2011-07-06	0	0	0
0zQAGdSKeekx7H4-iksByA	50nln4YPr0QDo_v1uBmHfg	8eQtyMJ7g-zTXnHIyUycZA	5	I had a serious craving for macarons after my friends and I were talking about sweets, so when I found out there was a Bouchon bakery at the Venetian, I made my friend go with me to get some. -  - $3.50 each for macarons sound steep, but they're huge! Each one is as big as the palm of my hand. I got the chocolate, pistachio, and vanilla and all tasted divine! -  - We also had iced mochas that were good. I liked that they weren't too sweet. I made the mistake of drinking the whole thing, though, and I got a crazy caffeine high.  -  - I wish I got more. Now I'm going to have to go to LA just to get some. :(	2011-02-14	0	0	0
jHTy38AQc_aLF9QEonkW7Q	OyehKmT9fPoin5jzfJZ0Fg	7qTZE4c-GidTC7w5VxgwOw	5	Valley Endodontic rocks!  Great group!  Worked me in and did a root canal on a quick and gentle turn around. Warm friendly staff and a clean office. Highly recommend!	2014-02-28	0	0	0
-fEIUo7UXP5wqy0JyKU6pA	LUpmo9ApE-W69SC8K1Wsfg	9SKoJSKAwnQCUyupYDSXhw	5	I got the best perm EVER from Joette! I can't tell you how much I love it and how many complements that I receive from how great it looks! If you are looking for a place in Scottsdale to add body and give you a modern look, Rolf's has it all!	2012-09-11	0	0	0
4MFpWTe9_6kKvWkjgadvxg	yzYSY-yFyS64uL4lTnUysQ	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Great place for mid-century/mod furniture. Get yer Eames, McCobb, Nelson, and more unusual suspects here. Doug, the owner, is charming and super-knowledgeable. I think it's only open Friday to Sunday. Or is it Thursday to Saturday? Call ahead.	2006-09-14	0	0	1
nYz59_Dtlvqupnj4lNcDYA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	HqYtgTmf7OPTv2yZKjrLYw	4	Great food great broccoli and cheese soup! Just check your to go order before leaving because sometimes its wrong. Happened to me twice already. Will be back to eat there again.	2012-06-15	0	0	0
ZnHu-E9xXWcAQbkAWRg18Q	vEEjLaibx9ej2DqL1HpU0A	hFA6eAdTSsECBh6qDnq3Ug	4	This place will stay on the list of thing to do in Vegas.  They have an excellent selection of higher end cigars and a good environment to enjoy them in.  Their bar service is great with a good selection of whisky, bourbon and scotch to choose from.  I personally recommend the Hemingway's Epitaph.  It was great.	2014-05-20	0	0	0
NF_orIOa-0hmot3HLZZWbA	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	kacGoYeEiJ2P-Le0twh_Iw	5	We always have to eat here when coming to Vegas.  Great Kobe beef cheese burger!!  If you wanna splurge on an extremely flavorful burger...BUY IT!  Don't put anything on it but cheese (Definitely No Ketchup) so you can taste the true flavor of it.  Their ice cream sundae are also very good with many different toppings.  Good eats peeps!!!	2012-06-27	0	0	0
WlxgeEGcrbNI2kkjTdqi9w	rmiK8V7l7NgEJSHJT-zWQQ	eMWZ2mRO1dP3sdr9jYrwXw	4	I remember going to this mall when it was Belz mall. When it was Belz mall it was pretty mediocre, there were some shops I liked but others not so much. I preferred the Premium Outlet Mall in downtown instead although that one is an outdoor mall and I have been there when it was extremely hot and extremely cold and not fun. Anyway just came here for a visit the other day and it has totally changed. I think this outlet center is now owned by the same company as the one in downtown. Anyway, I am from Hawaii and they have all those lovely casual surf brands I dig. Hit up the Volcom store and browsed some of the other stores there. I so totally coming here when I have kids one day. Stocking up on their clothes at the beginning of the school year is my plan. Anyway, I think the mall is improving from when it was Belz mall. I much rather come to this indoor one instead of the one in downtown.	2011-10-18	0	0	0
oybuQq4v3AZ2gFCLrwTl7Q	LJLHQgMIeDhzqzleWOSmqg	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Shop, eat, drink, listen to the live music, shop some more. I sure spend alot of time here at The District at Green Valley Ranch. I love the way the west side area of outdoor shopping center is set up.  It's pedestrian friendly, you dont have to watch out for cars because there is no road that runs thru the tree lined cobblestone streets. -  - The spongy ground in the play area and outdoor picture shows are nice touches that make it a kid friendly place. Also it's pretty neat how pet friendly it is, even some store owners have water bowls out for your furry friend.  -  - I take advantage of the nice weather to sit and have lunch or coffee outdoors also because there is no car traffic noise to deal with. When it gets pretty warm out they have the misters goin on to keep you cool.  -  - There's not a whole lot of clothing shops but I love the selection of ones they have here. It's mixture of mid range and upscale ones you cant find at the mall like Anthropologie, Loft, and Brightons.  There is something for everyone as far as restaurants though. Bbq at Lucille's, pizza at Balboa's and healthy fare at Rachel's Kitchen are some of the popular choices.  Parking spaces are usually pretty easy to find and retail stores are easily accessible thru entry points throughout the parking areas and pathway from Green Valley Ranch Resort and Casino.	2012-11-28	4	0	2
SFdrixk1mmpbiBPVVNQXug	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	r671f12TyZeC2sv-VZEe_g	2	So my friend and I checked this place out from here great reviews from friends and family as they said the deserts were good.  But after reading other comments on Yelp, I was pretty skeptic (like all other reviews) because it's all relevant as what's good for you or not as everyone has different taste.   -  - But when the hostess and server doesn't really seem like they have any interest in serving you in anyway, I just want to get out ASAP.  I understand with a huge line that they must be tired or cranky as the line didn't seem to die down a bit but boy the look and the tone of voice they use were not friendly at all.   -  - So going back to the food, my friend and I ordered one sundae as I was told they were big, and it was pretty good as well as I love sweets.  But the deserts weren't anything mouth watering as it tasted similar to any sundaes I had.  For $15 bucks, I can't really say it was worth it.   -  - Now, going back to the waiter who served me, at first he seemed super nice as when I asked about what he recommanded, he seemed very determined to help me.  It was when I was paying, he took my check and cash but when he gave it to me, just threw the check holder right front of my face...my friend looking all shocked.  So I took the change and since my seat was right next to the computer where he was working at, he just looked away doing something...no "Have a great day,"  or "thanks, hope to see you soon.." Nothing.   -  - I get better service at any local teriyaki stores that has one server that does everything.  =P	2011-10-12	0	0	1
nBcvTdrP1Y0eodxsXCBMew	whQtEKAAwtP7HAbsgYLn3w	6YB7nN2wwdmpgwCaSPSjVA	1	If I could give it less I would....This place is terrible.  My husband has only seen his doctor twice in the 12 years we have been here, the billing dept is a joke (good luck trying to get a hold of someone to speak with),  They have had their chance and now we are outta here.  Look elsewhere if you want good care with good staff.  There has to be better providers that this place.	2012-09-27	0	0	1
rkM3JbR0-EzaomWJAXmEGQ	-2n-OHbbwIv3SY8RP9bgTQ	gW5Lf7tEv-1FCmf6S4DJvQ	5	calamari = bomb - stuffed mushrooms = bomb - veal parmesan = solid - lasagna = pretty interesting taste... has an italian sausage kick to it - waiter was cool and made good suggestions as well	2009-08-24	0	0	1
wLtb2rnYyaKU4xVenROxww	bb9edeoz_hmC6vSHYOU8kA	9etVUrqT3kPS4c4hEV7UXw	5	Awesome!!! I started coming here because I had a Groupon, Great job Everytime, I keep coming back:)	2012-11-29	0	0	0
RbXxCvqmtyD6NIKffDxHrQ	UZUcfInMD3LEwf99sswUoQ	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	5	I first found this place with the help of Yelp, and I'm glad I did....thanks to Vera. She has been in the business for 14 years and she is great at what she does. She takes the time to discuss what exactly you want and gives her ideas and input to make sure you are happy in the end. I was looking for someone to continue bleaching my roots and trusting any ol' salon with bleaching hair is NOT EASY!!!! But I read a few reviews with her name and she sounded awesome and I trusted her with my hair. She did a wonderful job!!!!!!! I will be coming back to her from now on. So if your looking for someone to trust your bleaching needs, come here and book an appointment with Vera. You won't be dissatisfied.	2014-05-10	1	1	1
dQBVpTPCu1FUmaba1B1d2Q	cpEvyoXL5Z6fbMQ6HZaVTg	9_ACsBy6NmWRtbvuw-mLmw	5	This place is right next to my flat. Good and bad. Good for the thrift store addict in me. Bad for the thrift store addict in me.  -  - They sometimes have a smaller selection than other stores but they always have some good stuff.  -  - The staff here are always so sweet and helpful and if there's not a price on something they just ask me what I want to pay for it!  -  - They also have some amazing furniture for super prices...unfortunately I live in a furnished flat that would bust at the seams if I took any furniture it but, a girl can dream, can't she?	2011-11-09	1	1	1
OoqClIg-pjeDx3PLdSlv0g	IVv4Lr5_OXuezqe9vct8_g	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	As a part of the greater Desert Ridge shopping complex, Old Navy fits right in with the clean and organized store motif.  The staff greeted us and was friendly in offering assistance if we needed it.  As far as comfortable tanks and tees go, Old Navy is pretty up there with good deals and wash and wear ease.   -  - We only walked out with one t-shirt from the men's section, but I cannot wait for fall fashion to really take hold so I can go back for sweater season.   -  - The only con about all Old Navy stores is the constant ask to sign up for their credit card.  This is no fault of the employees since they are required to do it (much like Target stores) - so I take no points from this location for following suit.  Just an overall con that corporate should maybe consider for future. -  - This particular location overall: A	2013-08-22	1	1	1
hvWxS_qtnZWuLUgfDVl_lQ	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	C_E6wx5yiQw93rXUjwHMqA	5	Authentic Japanese cuisine. Best sushi and sashimi in town, they even have chirashi on the menu and sauteed gobo (burdock root). Sashimi is always fresh, prices are very reasonable. They also have a great lunch special.  I took my four-year-old, who enjoyed the chicken katsu.	2010-03-15	0	0	1
D4yVNG2H_REHePjmY-oOvg	3fj1catIDdJbnrprKAbMDQ	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	I want to wish Patrick and his Staff a Wonderful Holiday Season! -  - I have depended on this The Chute Too many of mornings after FUN nights out and about in "The Valley of the Sun" when I may have forgotten a piece of clothing a friend's house. - The product selection is always up to date and a small pair in everything is always available. The prices are comparable and the personal dressing room is spacious... Well the dressing room I use. -  - Thanks Patrick for Everything you do for the active city boy!	2011-12-21	0	0	0
VKUx-4O1GbzhYeru1Ysjuw	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	eMWZ2mRO1dP3sdr9jYrwXw	5	I know, I know. Another In-N-Out Burger review. I have reviewed some in California and now Vegas. But here we go again. The food is so good it is repeat company review worthy. -  - Came here after a mall and unfortunately after a football game. It was crazy busy so we decided to eat in the car. I ordered the usual #1 double-double with grilled onions and a lemonade. I pretty much inhaled it and didn't speak to anyone for the 5 minutes it took me to eat it. They got our order right even when we had 7 people to order for and some of us ordered it with grilled onions, regular onions, no lettuce, only tomato, yada, yada, yada. Good job! Always a pleasure and always a necessity when visiting.  -  - The great thing about this location is that it is right next to their brand store. My pops bought me an In-N-Out beach towel and my husband picked up a shirt on sale. Hawaii people are major fans so these things are awesome. -  - In-N-Out is a must and this location is pretty busy but worth the wait.	2011-12-29	0	0	0
y25-omcQ7bl76mOSgsU0ng	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	yZGEB8JW3NFGmtDK1CFTpA	4	Loved this place!  -  - The wait was a bit long, but it was rush hour around lunchtime so it made sense. Around a 30 minute wait. Doesn't make a difference when you can walk around Planet Hollywood and shop for a bit.  -  - Ordered the American burger and the Parmesan fries. DELICIOUS. Loved both and even though the burger is relatively small, it's still filling. Will definitely return one day.	2013-06-15	0	0	3
-EaaK-Q8XizvYpdSCHGnzw	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	N8EuJIMzMa3hSPSSSUfJSg	4	This place is well worth the long wait. I would imagine this is one of locals best kept secrets. The restaurant is nestled in a shopping plaza that isn't exactly thriving but it's all happening at Lotus of Siam. The food was delivered quickly and was as delicious as the many other reviewers say.	2013-08-23	0	0	0
rcNBElLGZBAt3aFi0tLH8w	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	7qHeiucJ_Rlwb72jZ9npow	2	Ok I change my mind, not only are the cashiers stuck up and cranky (the graveyard ones at least) but some of the servers are sh**** as well. Specifically this Filipino guy.. I don't know if we're allowed to put names on here, so I won't. But he was very curt, and didn't even greet. Only reason why I even come back here is the food.. and the only reason why these people are getting tips is because I work of off tips. Piss me off...	2013-03-01	0	0	0
ir0ymW0wFPelyK9qDBsQyA	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	This buffet sure did improve! The first time I tried it years ago... it was not good, despite being fancy looking and all... I forgot when they reopened this buffet, but it sure did taste much better this time around.  -  - First off, HOT crab legs for lunch???? I'm so there!!! No other place have I seen warm crab legs for lunch... not to mention even having crab legs for lunch!! I had a plateful and they were sweet and juicy... drenched in butter, I happily set myself up for a heart attack, lol. The beer battered fish was also very good! The amount of food is not as numerous as other buffets... but the food they had was good. I also had clam chowder - very tasty and creamy. The curry from the Mediterranean station with the basmati rice was delicious.  The prime rib was well cooked (other places it was medium rare) and very tender and tasty. The thing I did not like was the BBQ pork bun... I'm Vietnamese and we are big on dim sum... and this did not hit the spot. It tasted weird to me. They also had har gow (shrimp dumplings)... average tasting. Dessert selection was a bit dismal compared to other buffets...not a big selection and nothing really stood out. They do have waffle cones for your ice cream! -  - Lunch was $22. A good deal actually since it includes seafood!! I left at 2:30pm, dinner starts at 3pm and did not see a line really... maybe because today is Tuesday?  -  - In the end, a BIG improvement over the old buffet here... for the price, it's a pretty good deal, especially if you want more seafood stuff during lunch! But if you are looking for the vast selection at some other places, it's not really here. Service was good and my drink was always filled.	2013-11-26	1	0	3
8XdQ6qvfz3T9mYWdtB4nnQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	3	Overrated! I am led to believe that most reviews here were written by those who did not have a 100% sober experience of the pizza (since it seems that this place is frequented by post-clubbers of Marquee). I would probably agree if I were in their shoes as well. -  - We swung by for a quick bite early Saturday afternoon before hitting up the casino. The place is not easy to find! We had to consult yelp photos to get an idea of where it's hidden. The place is really small, with very few seats. We noticed that most people take their pizza to-go and sit out in the open areas of Cosmo to eat. -  - Slices are expensive ~$5! The toppings are really limited (usually 1-2) by which types of pizzas they have out at the moment. The line moves relatively quickly, but the pizza is fairly cold by the time you get it since it has just been sitting out. They are pretty hefty in size -- just 1 slice can be filling. I was pleased that the crust and dough throughout were not soggy at all, even if it was thin. Otherwise, the pizza tasted pretty average and most definitely overpriced.	2012-07-10	1	0	4
ryHkmNQGJppq5j1cpOMyKQ	4YEOIQmgklOpaS3cVFySDw	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	5	I'm really liking this place!!!! Clean, nice beds....great customer service! The girls that work here are always so nice and friendly. Bring your own tanning goggles, they don't offer them to use like some tanning salons do. But you can purchase them here. They run specials pretty regularly, so give them a call and see what kind of deal you can score.	2014-04-03	0	0	0
fLIQcS9NUpXf9WVwerFgsQ	qGffC4h6UOTSkLhzjj59FQ	l3Ldbo1A3oHFRsBBinTWnw	5	Went for lunch today. Delicious, fresh food. Tacos were crispy. The burrito was very large and good. Tacos are regular size not the tiny ones you see everywhere. -  - You can choose what you want in your meal. Very friendly people who work there. Clean place also. Opening soon in Centennial area. Good! Will try the rice bowl next visit.	2014-01-06	0	0	0
hdtqZKnDSciNS-H0K4wWVw	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	6DBplpz0NGwzWYphoCG4WA	1	Thought this would be a great pizza spot, based upon some reviews.. Ordered Antipasto which was a mysterious combination of 1 slice cheese, 1 slice fried eggplant, a bit of sausage and some mystery food (I think beans). This was on the menu for $15. I never had anything like this before, and hope I never will again.  It was gross. - The pizza tasted fabulous.  My only objection was the price of this tiny pie,  12" pizza pie for $20.  Only enough to feed one hungry person.  Way overpriced!	2013-08-10	0	0	0
SkqGaWxylcjH-sa0E0pB2Q	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Happy hour from 5-6:30, mon-fri. $6.50 cheeseburgers, $4.50 cocktails.	2012-11-19	0	0	0
dh49D5XQnsQVvsGZNUH2wg	XAWDT6cv5aADi-TG2rKyFw	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	4	My husband forced me to give this place a second chance and I'm glad he did. This time he insisted on the deluxe pedi which was amazing! Tammy did an outstanding job and allowed this new mom to finally relax. My mani was done by a very nice lady but my nails were just so so. She didn't paint the tip of the nails and u can see the lack of color from the top. Also, there was a decent amount of polish on my cuticles but in all fairness we came in just at closing. We thought they closed at 7 but it was really 5:30 and they kindly took us even though we offered to come back another day. On my next visit I'll book with Tammy and hope for the same great pedi.	2014-07-07	0	0	0
OGlJzRCB8EI42Epvc3Zw-g	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	J5FxDAQ-Nec9QVm8IF1D7A	5	Bobby Flay has got it going on!! I am a fan, but I didn't know how good southwestern food could possibly be. I still can't stop talking about it. If you are in Vegas this is a must!! I went with a few friends on a saturday night. We didn't get seated right away but were able to have some cocktails at the bar. Once seated we ordered The Yucatan Chicken Tacos, Goat Cheese Queso and the Smoked Chicken and black bean quesadilla. Yum!! Everything was incredibly flavorful and delicious. I will be going back my next trip to vegas. Oh and if your not a fan of spicy...HELLO you probably won't like it. Duh!	2009-03-30	0	0	0
SefFW2v6cL47foBRaC4lqw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	4	I've been here twice and both times, the food was wonderful. I was actually surprised at their portions because for a trendy-ish, celebrity chef run restaurant the sizes are pretty small and ridiculousy expensive. but it wasn't frou-frou at all, our waiter was great and can't wait to eat there again!	2006-06-06	0	0	0
Ptl1AAhog_nyJMs2HBAmVA	H0HioNQP6kicnH5a91oIZQ	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	This was my first cleaning after having my braces removed. I did not have the pleasure of this office providing my ortho care sadly... Perfect smile nun the less. Christine was willing to take the time to remove the remaining cement from my back teeth. -  - I had a wonderful time in my chair as usual. Thank You	2012-05-18	1	0	1
FrKoW315eEh9b036SO3u-A	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	5	I have been to this restaurant 5-6 times and I always enjoy it. My friends from Japan loved it so much too. Their foie gras is wonderful!! Their signature dish, Lobster Curry, is crazy good. I never really care for lobster but this is different. I wish I could make it at home!! I always have issue with their portion...(in a good way). Their portion is pretty decent that I always feel too full after a full course menu!! Sometimes I can't even eat dessert because I'm too full!! I like the ambiance. I would not "expect" a window seating as window seatings are limited (does not matter how early you make your reservation.) The view is available from the bar anyway. -  - Also, their deserts, especially the mix candy bar.... is AMAZING! -  - As far as service goes, I have never had issue personally.I believe it's worth a visit and great place for a great meal!	2012-07-25	1	0	1
HPi9_9_gxEXpgbyDy9QbOw	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Almost 500 reviews with an average of a near 5 star rating. Pretty impressive.  And tasting their Bulgogi Fried Rice that my husband ordered I can see why. It's the best out of alot of places we've tried.  -  - I really like how they mince the beef and mix it into the rice. The flavors really were pronounce throughout.  Every spoonful had the perfect balance of meat and rice. Mr. B cleaned up his plate and went up and ordered some to go..so it must've been that good. -    - I had the Fusion Tostada which had Bulgogi beef, shredded cabbage, cilantro, pico, that sat on a bed of rice that was crisped and there you go, the foods of Korean and Mexican fused. KoMex!  Genius! -  - So how did you all discovered this place being it's the random restaurant in the neighborhood strip mall?  It's not even listed on the main shopping marquee. -  - The shop itself is pretty basic. I like they have wait service. We got our orders promptly.  Everyone was really friendly. Mr. B says he doesn't mind the drive all the way from Henderson for their fried rice, so it's safe to say we'll be here alot more on this side of town. The Bulgogi wrapped in lettuce sounds good!  Im going to try that next! -  - So stars for great concept, good food, nice menu selections, wait service and  value for what you get!	2013-02-28	6	3	9
WSMAMwPsYjo2mUpVzt379g	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	e-otkBGfqXD5JcsPSKUc-w	1	Walked in and the restaurant was pretty much a ghost town. The hostess was on the phone so we waited a few minutes before she finally acknowledged us. After she sat us, we waited about 10 minutes or so before started looking around for a server or any employee, waited a few more minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us and nothing. So we left and went to Yard House (which was busy) where we got sat immediately and a server greeting us within a few minutes. I wonder why your restaurant is empty and the one next to it is packed....maybe you should acknowledge the people who pay your bills day shift.	2012-10-22	0	0	0
IVxBDwI8d3f8VkffqIVxtA	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	3gTUnEOzsL6_kQJvwap_QQ	5	Great food, stylish interior, professional staffs.  This is very good restaurant overall.  I had shrimp and grits, and ginger ale.  I really love the shrimp and grits!  In downtown area, I am kind of feeling a beautiful hope and pride of the people and the community.  Sure, I want to come back here!	2014-05-15	0	0	0
h1YdwNqfw42pZtDS-MvbMA	T9rA3hcdT9s3i4z_VUrgvA	wiWx-KMvOMMO3xHEgroPuA	1	Spontaneously went in for a fill and pedicure. Pedicure took FOREVER, but at least was moderately well done. Place was empty, so I asked if they could start on my manicure since I was in a rush - received horrific attitude, but then one of the woman filed by nails (Way tooo short, didn't even ask for length preference)  -  - Things got even better when, after sitting for 45 minutes, i asked to pay, was snapped at and told it wasnt the right time. Ok.... then when it was "the right time" i was told to walk to Safeway because I only had cc. Awesome. I came back, tipped extremely well despite (we all have bad days..) and then after running my card was told that it would be an additional $3 for an old nail that had fallen off. $3. For a plastic nail. I gave moderate attitude, and then received literally the most horrendous nail panting of my life, including when I was a small child and panted my self with actual house paint.  Uh, there is nothing worse than paying too much for a less than par product. My nails look horrible (wayyy too heavy of coats left nails droopy and still not dry 1/2 hr later) and I will now have to pay to go get them fixed.	2011-12-12	0	0	0
GiLkRDLNU8YmUTz5gxfqKA	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	4	i always make it a point to come here with either my friends or a gf. - it is a little pricey for its type of restaurant, but well worth it. a  - their onion rings are superb!!!! yummy - their burgers and pizza are also good, though i wouldn't go there just for pizza. - there is always a 15-30 minute wait, but you can always go hang out @ Caesars palace right next door	2011-10-12	0	0	0
0DJIkgVseP-AIgLpFNn5rQ	Qt0PRaIzUd3oQMRgqm1NmA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Hardware stores are not exactly my cup of tea but Mr. B needed some plumbing stuff so I just tagged along and came in here with him.  Well it turned out to be a pleasant shopping experience.  Who knew they had gifty nicknacks there, screwdrivers with pretty floral handles, and the prettiest selection garden gloves. Along with that there is an area with an employee stationed there dedicated to cutting keys, also an aisle with drawers full of nuts and bolts. In my opinion a better selection  than the bigger name hardware stores.  -  - I liked the layout of the store, it wasn't cluttered, everything was organized, good signage which made merchandise easy to find.  Anytime I'm at the bigger hardware stores seems like I have to resort to paging and wait for customer assistance. Not here. This store is family run business and you get the sense of a small hometown feeling. It is small enough to where you can easily flag down someone for help if you need it. Customer service is A+!  Everyone was friendly and all employees I ran into offered their assistance.   -  - I've got some home renovation projects coming up and will be sure to keep this place at the top of my list of stores to use.	2013-01-27	2	2	2
fCApgciaUWkvS0vQ8c29Og	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	4	As a nightclub in Vegas, LAVO is pretty poppin' on a Friday night!!! The first time I came here was about 2 years ago, it sucked and a lot of the reason is because of the crappy music they played. Nowadays, it's hard to find a Vegas spot that DOESN'T play house music and really though, I just wanna be able to hear familiar music that I can easily sing & dance to. House is just not my cup of tea! This second visit to LAVO definitely changed my opinion about it. Music was Top 40's, rap, & hip-hop with occasional house music every now & then, but hardly ever. Have I fallen in love and have plans to frequent this place in the future? DEFINITELY. -  - With a friend's hook up from a promoter, we got in pretty quickly around 11pm w/ no cover, the ladies got free drinks until 11:30 with wristbands, & me & my party got our drank on. Though we had plans to only stop by here for a bit for free drinks and head on out to another club, we ended up staying here & literally danced the night away til 3am! Yes, LAVO isn't the most gorgeous club nor spacious with places to sit if you don't have a table (which is why I didn't give the 5th star due to it getting extremely hot and crowded!), but it's got the lounge feel and a dance floor that's decent enough for you to get your groove on. If you're looking for something lowkey, this is the spot.  -  - Thus, for anyone that's staying at the Palazzo/Venetian, check this place out since you can go to the concierge and get your name on the guest list. Or even if you're just looking for a chill place with music you can sing and dance to without having to think to yourself, "how do I dance to this music??" (sorry yall, that's what house music does to me...), do come here! I hear some nights are salsa nights and what not, but call ahead to ask if music is your concern. DJ VICE also spins on a few Sundays and they have celebs every now and then that host parties. LAVO, it's worth a try...even if you have to come twice to love it!	2011-03-28	2	2	2
B7jRXZpFgsGzycR-6HYjDg	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	We decided to give them one more chance.  And I am SO glad we did.  First of all, I commend the owner, Candy, for responding to my previous Yelp and coming to talk to us tonight at dinner.  She is a warm, friendly, lovely lady and I am so glad to have met her.  Our server, Amy, was great...even before she knew we had put something negative on Yelp.  The last time must have been an off time.  Like my first time, it was awesome.  The menu is so eclectic, with a Phillipine flavor.  Their homemade brews...tasty and refreshing...and each one compliments the food on the menu.  Canadian, French, English, Phillipine, Chicago Dogs, Kobe burgers, vegeteratian pizzas, something for everyone.  And the vanilla malts...made from the malt used in their beers.  OMG.   This is definitely a family run, work of art, place that needs to be supported.  You have won me back!	2013-06-07	0	0	1
jgoqmxwjB60qySd47h7K_w	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	bETZuVyByuZDhQSxKK5rig	3	Of course, their famous frozen hot chocolates are fabulous - no need to argue here.  But, their food is a-okay.  Came here for dinner over halloween weekend and decided to sit outside on the outdoors patio, absolutely loved the atmosphere; it was nice to see the people walk by and such.   -  - I ordered the ahi-tuna salad and it was so-so, nothing too special (not really worth it's price of $16, I'd say.  Had the frozen hot chocolate with strawberry sauce and candied almonds for toppings and lets just say that was delicious!! So worth every penny, although me and my friend could probably have gotten away with just ordering the "for one" versus the "for two" portion.	2010-11-01	1	0	0
09hKkZMnag4bIUJyjp03tA	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	4	I've wanted to try this place for the longest time. I didn't know it was a chain (founded in San Diego) until I was in Chicago and saw they had a Hash House there too. It's located at the Quad, formerly the Imperial Palace, and soon to be renamed the Linq. It was late at night, so when we arrived there was no wait. They are open 24/7. -  - I had the sage fried chicken (2 breasts) which sat atop 4 bacon waffles, with hot maple caramel reduction and fried leeks. The chicken breasts were crispy and juicy. The waffles were fluffy and had strips of bacon within the batter. Large portions- each entre can easily feed 2.  -  - *Featured on Man v. Food	2014-07-08	0	0	0
zaVubRnJMyGc_1ff7Y7D4Q	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	VLBEI6V097km-eVpBKTSsw	5	Went again yesterday. I would give 10 stars if I could. Best service. Best food.	2013-05-10	0	0	2
m1pO-33raoehUXxebRZPlA	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	5Zo53qhgwoDcndwLQtfW8Q	5	Had dinner here last night for my sisters bachelorette party. We made a reservation for the downstairs cellar and when we got there our tables wasn't ready just yet so they set us up at a nice cozy fire pit and we ordered a round of drinks. Everything was delicious. Once we sat down at our table, our server, Ashley J. Told us all about the menu and we put our food orders in. The food came out quick and was so tasty. We had the #4 pizza, some burgers, and some skewers, and calamari. Everything I tasted was great! When we got out tab, they took care of all of our bride to be's drinks. They were very accommodating, Ashley was an amazing and fun server.  After we had left and moved on to our next place, I realized I lost my house key. I called rokerji to ask if they found any, and they asked the new table of people sitting in the table where we were to get up so they could look under the table. To me that is just such great customer service. Definitely recommend this place to all my friends. Nice small and cozy. I had a great time and j know everyone else in the party did too. Thanks Rokerji for everything!	2014-03-23	0	0	0
T2k1VoD0iJEO8xZ0UcdgsA	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	1	I had the pasta with clams of which I have had at over a hundred Italian restaurants.  This is one of the worst I have tasted.  The sauce tasted like tomatoes with no other added ingredients.  I was forcing the pasta down to try to reduce my hunger.  I also had the caprese which had tomatoes that were way oversized and not ripe.  When there are 2 main ingredients to this dish, best to make sure they are both excellent.  Other people were complaining about their food with some people thinking it was good.	2010-07-20	0	1	0
JN6o3Zz1yO5eHJO2CKO5AQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	hrYTy0jHjEV_Ywkuyhn_7g	3	If I came here 8 months ago when this place really was a secret and all the Hipsters were rocking the joint, I would've given it 5 stars for every possible reason without trying a slice of pizza. -  - But since it's not 8 months ago, I happen to find myself craving pizza while on the Strip, so I figured this would be a perfect time to get me some not so secret pizza. -  - So my buddy and I go to Secret Pizza and there is no line, maybe 2 people in there.  So i guess all the hype for the place died.  Then I saw the prices, $5 for a fucking pepperoni slice?  If that slice of pepperoni pizza could actually fuck, then I'd pay $5 for it.  Not even all the concessions stands at carnivals would charge that much for a slice of pizza, and even then those slices were very good and worth it. -  - My buddy told me he paid around $3 or less for his slices when he went there, and I was sure that was the price 8 months ago.  Either way I asked for a pepperoni slice and the server looked pretty out of it/didn't give a shit.  I know they just give you a slice and there isn't much customer service involved, but throw a fricken smile and be glad that i am paying you 10X the amount of what that pizza slice cost.  I'd be jumping for joy if I had that gig. -  - The pizza itself; Very good.  Digged the crust and the sauce, great texture, no complaints about the quality.  However, it's not $5/slice good, but very good nonetheless.  But it wasn't very filling either.   -  - I dunno, I felt like the charm it once had that made me want to try it out for the longest time is gone.  This is not a "little gem", "neat place" or "hidden secret", or not anymore.  It's just "hidden". -  - #cynical	2012-02-18	1	5	2
jmvBy4QsO1Hk9ThC0rIi6A	ngNvH4sxnH9aMukTZ67R_Q	0Za30PbCY8xNqV6FI3RWag	5	Huge variety, the wait was a bit wait to sit down, felt like I was at Disneyland, but hey, it was Sunday Brunch.	2014-06-25	0	0	0
hOLu5kUbUwJugp69SeuRQw	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	3	Unfortunately overrated. We went on a Saturday evening in mid-December. We were in line for over an hour (got in line at 8 pm). Even with the Total Rewards member discount, dinner buffet came out to cost ~$50 per person =( -  - Lots of reviewers have compared it to the Wicked Spoon buffet, but I personally think Wicked Spoon has improved significantly since it first opened (and now I consider to be among the ranks of Wynn Buffet) and is better than Bacchanal Buffet. -  - Whenever I go to a buffet, I pretty much make myself try as many different foods in order to get the best overall feel of the quality.  -  - Although this buffet really offers a huge selection in terms of variety, the quality and taste was not impressive at all. Pretty decor and furniture, but food does not match up =( -  - Probably will not return unless a friend insisted on coming again. -  - (See photos for reference) -  - Corn on the cob: good, but nothing fancy -  - mashed potatoes: average -  - BBQ ribs: WAY oversmoked, can't even discern any meat taste due to all the smokiness; meat was also dry and tough -  - seaweed salad: decent, but I can get better seaweed salad at my local Costco -  - Italian meatball: Very good -- juicy, flavorful, and very well seasoned. AND huge! -  - xiao long bao: NO SOUP INSIDE AT ALL. tiny lump of flavorless meat wrapped in dried out hard peel. failed on all levels. -  - roasted duck: good for a buffet, but cannot compare to a Chinese restaurant of course. -  - Alaskan king crab legs: I got the legs cooked hot (although I feel they are just boiling legs that have been already cooked before but are now cold) -- there is a separate line formed for the hot legs, which moved slow and ultimately was not worth the 10 minute wait. The crab meat was tough, rubbery, dried out, and didn't taste very fresh. -  - (BEST crab legs are still at M buffet) -  - cooked shrimp (in-shell): DELICIOUS! perfectly seasoned, very tender and fresh! Watch out, these run out fast, so make sure you get some before you end up waiting for the next batch to be ready. -  - Spanish rice: decent -  - fruit: watermelon was terrible, pineapple was fresh and ripe, (chocolate-covered) strawberries were sweet and fresh -  - desserts: you bet I tried most of them that evening (8+ kinds) most are pretty good and on par with the desserts at Wicked Spoon, but nothing amazing or comparable to those at M buffet or Wynn buffet.	2013-01-01	1	0	2
3oW6bfja3AwnKmEruwNnrQ	p0lGspE79cegxU_1xY22ww	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	3	I can't give it two stars and claim I've experienced better because honestly I haven't.  Cox was such a nightmare that this place is a step up. -  - I ordered my directTV and centurylink together so I don't know if that makes any sort of difference.  They kind of seem like they are two seperate companies as I have log ins for both, but I'm able to pay my directTV through my centurylink account so now sure what's going on there. -  - I set up to have the service installed and turned on via online chat with a Century link rep.  The person arrived as promised day of to set everything up.  He didn't take a long time to install it but the only part I did not like it when he set up the dish, he drilled so deep it split the wood on my roof!  I can see it when I stand under my patio, silver screws poking through.  I'm not sure how this will affect my shingles on the roof, if it will leak or what will happen.  Thank goodness is almost never rans in Phoenix and when it does it evaporates as it's falling to Earth.  Otherwise I'd be a little bit more concerned. -  - He was fast, he gave quick instructions on how to work the TV.  Other than the split roof I really have no other complaints.  The price is true to what they told me, I'm sure after the first year it will go up.  It's hard to find internet and cable service that doesn't go up after the first year.  Although I'm sure when I contract ends in a couple years I'll be cancelling my cable and sicking with using my internet and watching Netflix.	2014-04-19	0	0	1
a1bxTXte28GtLgJaXAB2kA	WGNIYMeXPyoWav1APUq7jA	Pllc3jWFmwvkPcPYHTQs-g	5	Jess was awesome! I have been searching the valley for a long time looking for the right artist.  -  - She is approachable, creative, and skilled. She did a great job on my new piece, exactly what I wanted. -  - The best part, My wife trusted her to get her first tattoo from Jess, and my wife is thrilled with the results. -  - Not only do I recommend Jess and Lady Luck Gallery, I would insist anyone I know to go see Jess and the guys there. I will be back for sure!	2010-10-30	0	0	0
w7LtWSag1rXULuDpx0JWHQ	u2PL3uLmwF2HBldVeouFxA	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I went here yesterday for the first time after cyber stalking their furniture on the web for weeks. Wanted to make sure any furniture i bought looked like the pictures and any couches were comfortable. -  - From start to end, the place was easy to find, plenty of parking in the lot, and the moment I walked in I was greeted by a smiling worker. -  - He asked what I was looking for and steered me in the direction for what I was looking for. -  - They didn't hound me like a car dealership but they didn't completely ignore me either. They had the right balance of knowing when to back off and when to let me shop. -  - The prices are pretty cheap, not just compared to Scottsdale standards but cheap compared to standards of most furniture stores. And I should know because I've checked them all out. -  - But even better, for being cheap they don't look for feel like cheap crappy furniture.  Place like ikea and Ashley furniture can have couches that are cheaper to more expensive and I've seen some of their couches feel and look so cheap you'd assume it came from Walmart or some place even cheaper. -  - Any of the couches you want, they'll let you change out the the fabric colors at no extra charge, so if there is a couch you just love, feel it perfectly firm or soft, or whatever your preference but you're afraid it's not going to match your house color scheme, no problem because you have a selection of colors to pick from. -  - I've already decided in buying all my couches from this place. I do love their products.	2014-03-06	0	0	0
QKZK7tDqtyQc_EMGa9MBxQ	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	Xm4H62d1fjA21Q5iwvfQxw	4	Honestly only came to this place because our other dinner plans fell through and we saw the name on our key card (great advertising). We went with the option of having the waitress/chef plan our dinner and it was perfect. We got a sampling of all three inspirations (Japanese, Brazilian, Peruvian) based on our preferences. Everything was delicious and perfect for our varying palates. The only reason for one less star is because the waitress claimed to budget us for "$35-$40" and then said we were under budget... When the bill came we were definitely over, before drinks.	2013-10-06	0	0	0
T3_GU9-PT0zHmSLnLPHIgQ	N50HceZf1595UtU867u4uQ	yR5kinScZ_HhLCii4BQ35A	2	We had dinner here on 12/15/2011...To sum it up in one word "Disappointing.".I know, I know... this is a famous chef with countless awards behind his name but believe me.. we were disappointed. - We have been to France , North and South, quite a few times and never had a bad meal.. - The french are famous for "fabulousness".. fabulous foods, parfums, wines and champagne, style, fashion..ect... - Hubert Keller ,"Fleur"  being featured on the Travel Chanel "Forbes one of most extravagant meals" The only claim to fame on this menu is the $5000.00 for a Wagyu beef burger with foie gras which comes paired by a bottle of 1995 Chateu Petrus...other than that I was quite disappointed with this menu..  - The Chef is french so we were expecting a french menu but instead there is a mixture of all kinds of cuisines, from central , south america, italian, greek, japanese... The only French dishes on the menu were a croc Monsieur, truffle onion soup shooters, a seared foie gras and a couple of flambees and souffles. -  We did not like the decor., again the french do everything rich and grand however ,this restaurant is decorated resembleling a cabin in the woods, a very "Plain and simple" cabin like, not your typical French glamour . The menu consists of  small plates and regular size dishes .. We ordered from the small plates the tuna tacos , ceviche, spicy shrimp casserole, smoked bacon flat bread, and truffle onion soup-shooter  and the seared foie gras. and the Fleur burger with all its fixings...minus the bottle of wine and save $4,935.00 - The service was good, however all the dishes were lacking presentation.. The ceviche was fatty..they took it back and brought us the croc monsieur. -  The only stand out dishes were the Fleur Burger, the seared foie gras, the soup shooters and the flat bread...  -  Overall..We had high expectations but they were not met... I wouldn't come back or recommend this restaurant .. Instead for a memorable dinning experience go to the Bellagio and have dinner at any of their restaurants " Michael Mina" , "Le Cirque"  and "Picasso"  ..or right across from the Bellagio...."Alain Ducasses's"  at the Eiffle Tower..	2011-12-27	0	0	0
DC_1x5qLvMcBaMN2vx9Gfw	n2GvkLwD8kjrovGYimpoBg	ODHvAtaPFMi4FyaSTI8CGw	5	Found this place on yelp and called to ask about getting a watch fixed. Jay was so extremely helpful and even included the battery for free. I've found my watch spot. Jay is so helpful and so kind. I highly recommend going here for any watch or jewelry repair!	2013-10-14	0	0	0
YYaeK-4hKXstveb_LedbRQ	bv24q_KXS4t2G82UnjWuwA	QTo0B1_d8Yk_IMxWfZjtAg	5	I have been going to V Nails for a while now, they are always friendly and professional. They take appointments or walk-ins, so it is always convenient.  - Ask forJenny or Tiffany, especially for gel manicures... These two are perfectionists-love it!	2014-05-21	0	0	0
-GX9RSaPXSiyEad7sSEpoQ	D_BMUHbZk67hzRcK3xQQmg	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	2	I am surprised Mt Everest has a higher rating than MINT because it is not even close to the same quality. -  - When I pulled up I was surprised to see a drive thru but then I realized it was closed and the employees were using it to park their cars. Upon walking into the restaurant, I noticed the buffet in the back corner looking sad and unsanitary. I sat down and shortly after we were brought out the papadum and were asked what we wanted to order. The papadum and sauces just weren't good and to top things off the basket it was in was not cleaned. I shouldn't have overlooked this but I did because I was craving Indian food. I ordered two mango lassi's, garlic naan, malai kofta, chicken makhani their speciality, and basmati rice. The mango lassi's were brought out instantly. This one was not made well, was overly sweet, tasted artificial, and was not thick enough. I was able to stomach mine but my dining partner wanted to send hers back. I asked the Asian man if we could send it back and he giggled and said no. Then our Indian waiter comes over laughs and says Mango Lassi's our supposed to be sweet and I said I know I have had my a Mango Lassi before but but this overly sweet, he begrudgingly took it back.  -  - Our entrees come and the portions are huge. Both of the curries had that artificial taste and reminded me of curry at a food court. The chicken in the chicken makhani was dry and the fat was not trimmed off properly. The veggie balls in the malai kofta were extremely hard on the outside and not very moist on the inside. The garlic naan was tasty but once again it was brought out in a basket that was not clean.  -  - The Indian food here is mediocre and I question how well things are cleaned.	2014-06-30	1	2	2
43PqGYj1v4wqEeXsK7AzZQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	3	Overhyped. Expensive. Rude staff. But the food is amazing. Went here with reservations. Asked for inside but the staff felt it necessary to tell me (smugly) that an outside table wouldn't be available for 20 min. I had asked for a quiet table. They say me at a tight, small two top near the noisy bar. The greeters, etc. were very rude. Perhaps they were trained in France. The food - now there was nothing wrong there. Service was a bit slow but the food was amazing and worth the wait. Everything was delicious. I might go back here again, but even with great food when the staff is dismissive of my requests I tend to eat elsewhere. There are lots of places to eat in Vegas.	2012-11-05	0	0	0
T5CF47pSP1VWyD4khMKsmA	Y2BXS2OOrlMSYfS5xdjtmw	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	4	When you walk in, you pass cases with gorgeous European pastries and cases with unbelievably beautiful and elaborate looking cakes. Those are probably delicious, but I didn't try them, so I can't say.  -  - This review is about breakfast. Specifically the Croque Monsieur. Do it! Where else are you going to get this? The service was very friendly and efficient. Friendlier than say, Sambalatte. Prices were reasonable and the coffee (I just had plain drip coffee) was good too.  Definitely a place to visit again.	2014-06-26	1	0	0
WZCbHKacZXRnFPeuvB9UGA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	4	The food was good, great variety but I"M PISSED.  I wanted to eat here on Xmas day, but it was a 5hr wait.  No thanks.  So, I think " I'll go on Dec 26th for breakfast".  Imagine my surprise, when we walk in( no wait at 8:30am), but am faced with a 50.00 brunch, not a 20.00 breakfast.  Yeah, I could have left, but we'd driven over from the Encore and were on our way back to Cali.  So, there went 110.00 down the drain.  I think its pretty shitty that they are still doing " brunch" even though its not a holiday.  The holiday was OVER.  Just a way to get more money from people.  -  - That being said, I wasn't in the mood for seafood at 8:30am so I didn't get my money's worth.  There are signs all over the place to talk to the chef, if you have dietary restrictions.  I cant eat runny yolks because they make me burp something awful.  I wanted eggs benedict so I asked for poached whites.  I was told that they couldn't do that, I would need to talk to the dude making omelets.  I talk to him and he says he cant poach me a white, even though he has a big pot of simmering water right next to him.  -  - That ticked me off.  If I am paying 50.00 for breakfast, I want a freaking poached egg white.  After awhile, I spoke to the manager who brought me to the chef.  I got my white and my toasted English muffin( they normally don't toast the muffins for bennies).  I didn't even want it at that point, but I got it.  -  - There was a very large variety of food, but the only fresh juice I saw was OJ.  The pizza crust was amazing, but they put way too much cheese on it.  I hope they remedy that.   -  - The desserts were a lot better than the buffet at the Wynn.  It was a good brunch, but not worth 50.00.  They didn't even have stone crab claws like I was expecting.	2012-12-28	0	0	0
RSy16rcKcVHUALiXII-k1A	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	1cZHyRrbNbUhsmm6BdzELA	5	"The tired souls wandered through the desert desperate for respite. Their energies all but drained, all they could hope for was refuge from the heat and a place to refuel." -  - I just made that up right now...damn I sound like an author...lol. But in all seriousness, it describes accurately how my friends and I felt.  -  - It was our first day in Vegas for the weekend and we were hungry, thirsty, and still getting used to the dry, desert heat. We all vouched to eat food at a place we can't get back home and were gonna hit up the buffets the next day so we wanted something more of a sit down type of dining establishment. So like I usually do I hop on Yelp and find this teppanyaki spot similar to Benihana that I believe was also featured on the Travel Channel. Long story short we make it out there but can't seat us because we don't have reservations and the wait for a table is an hour and a half. So we say "Screw that!...what other spot can we eat!?" So we just happen to come across Satay Asian Bistro and Bar. And I must say I've become truly enamored with the place. Once we entered we were quickly acknowledged and greeted. There is dim lighting and great decor. Sports was on the TV. The food here is a combination of Malay, Thai, and Singaporean dishes. Service was on point but the most importantly the food was delicious. -  - We ordered Thai beer...Singha...never had it before but enjoyed it.  - *Chicken satay stick - * Pork satay stick - * Honey glazed bbq pork - * roast duck - * steamed rice -  - Portions were generous and reasonably priced. Our server was very courteous and suggested to us some things to do on the night life scene locally. They also throw there own lounge, happy hour, dj event every Saturday no cover. I'll have to go back and check that out someday. This place is off the beaten path...but definitely worth checking out.	2010-07-20	1	2	2
QjvhR7GCiJUsbC_ouTFUqQ	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	CUUpi7gtqx1zojEGJ6Z5ew	3	Food = 4 Stars - Service = 2 Stars -  - My and the BF were hungry and didn't feel like making the trek out of our hotel so we hit this place up.  I have to say that whoever designed the menu totally catered to my flavor profile.... SALT and LIME.  No it's not very sophisticated, but I love it.  I ordered the tortilla soup and a chicken burrito.  Also we ordered a queso appetizer.  The Queso was lame honestly... they meant well, but after like 3 minutes it hardens and is no good.  The soup and burrito were SOOOOOO good!  I was a happy camper.  My bf ordered the falafel tacos.  Basically he said that they weren't that great for him, but he understood the concept.  If I'm back to the Luxor again I'll hit this place up.	2010-04-05	2	0	2
1fNc9zMmErU-yT8_MZI4Yw	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	WHERE'S THE DAMN WELLINGTON?!?!?! -  - This is a question I ask myself on a regular basis because Beef Wellington is simply my favorite dish on.earth.  -  - Additionally it is also IMPOSSIBLE to find at a restaurant unless you do a search online for it before heading out - not every steakhouse or UK pub is going to have this delightful staple.  -  - So, as many Vegas stories go...I had no idea I would be eating here last Friday night, come again I also had no idea I would be in Vegas last Friday night, and I sure as hell had no idea that this decision would come 15 minutes into getting home from the office on a Friday.  -  - Ah, America...we go off impulse like it's going out of style.  -  - Anyway, I was in town for 1 night (things get pretty expensive otherwise) and had this place on my 'to try' list for over a year...I say a year because every time I go to Vegas I get someone who cries broke and doesn't want to get a great meal or even worse, drags me to a buffet (gross).  -  - I showed up solo while waiting on friends to arrive in town and dined at the bar by myself, I of course had to get the wellington and the very nice (and quite stunning) girl behind the bar informed me that it would take roughly 45 minutes. -  - I can see where this may be a problem for some but I had nothing but time and wasn't super super hungry anyway so this didn't bother me one bit. In my time I enjoyed a couple of cocktails, picked away at an assortment of delicious bread and had good conversation with other patrons/staff.  -  - When my Wellington arrived I was impressed, the plating looked very precise and symmetrical..the only thing I did not really care for was the vegetable portion of the dish - not because of the flavor - trust me they were tangy, crunchy and awesome, but because there was literally 4 cubes the size of a Pico di Gallo cut that were included - it literally shouldn't have even been there or - otherwise mentioned if I could fit the entire contents on half a fork full.  -  - The wellington had a great flavor, very robust flavoring and an assortment of buttery textures that I found to be extremely pleasing. Oh, the potatoes were OK too, but this was a dish that was all about the entree.  -  - Would I come here again? In a heartbeat - for the Wellington though, I would kick myself if I didn't order it every time I saw it on the menu next to other entrees.  -  - Bill for 1 was around 120 with tip - booze included.	2013-04-23	2	1	1
SzRQr4M15QhchgsYOOAd1A	XgVyl3T3Zn_k7SljAJ1d0Q	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	3	It's a Dollar Tree, so I really didn't have high expectations going in, and I'm wasn't overly disappointed.  It's loosely organized, mostly stocked, and staff are rare except to check out.  Not a big selection of items, but again it's a Dollar Store, not Target or Walgreens.  I don't typically shop here, and just went in with my wife looking for a particular item (large nail clippers), which they didn't have in stock at the time.  I do appreciate that they actually stick to the $1 price tag, versus other "dollar" stores that do not.	2014-06-29	0	0	0
_r6NKkaToaYf9EGOVzag-g	u7E7_VtKhGBbH9sMoIQCIw	Pq7F4Jmju5zxi8v03Yjp-w	5	Had a great time here. Staff was very knowledgable and helpful. They even offer a free shuttle to and from the store, so be sure to ask. Had I known I could have saved a one way cab fare!	2013-04-17	0	0	0
fAUGShAx18rPRcqQIzB3aQ	Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw	itv4pB3tbT7eMuVrFU65Tg	5	This is my favorite mall ever, even after my move to Boston. It combines normal chain stores (Gap, Abercrombie, Hollister, American Eagle) with upscale things (Louis Vuitton, Tiffany and Co., Burberry) all in one mall. Gorgeous on the inside too. Decent food court and a movie theater as well.	2005-07-18	0	0	0
d4pWhcxrsoxAjnneDCmzMQ	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	LVIM704TaKZvVoZBf5ybuw	4	Came by for buffet and purchased the Buffet of Buffet 24-hour wristbands. -  - There was a small line out the door. Wait was about 30 minutes. The ceiling was all painted with the blue sky look and the servers, although experienced, were dressed in fairy tale costumes. -  - The food here was on point. The creme brulee was excellent as were the macaroons. All the other food exceeded my expectations for a buffet. The smoked salmon was very fresh and the crab legs were excellent as well. I like how the crab legs were sliced in half, so that I was able to merely scoop the meat out with a spoon. I was surprised to find out champagne was included in the meal! -  - I should have come back again within 24-hours, but I wanted to give the other buffets a try. This one was the best I had of the other ones I've tried.	2013-08-19	0	0	1
tgXUFmxellZTGtiuFcLhbg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	nAIGpQ6nz3im1oHE28BX1w	4	After winning the slot machines, I decided to take my friend and I to Bouchon to splurge. When entering the restaurant, I felt like the host was looking down at us as if we were inferior and didn't have money. However, the other staff members were really friendly and helpful. There was a minor wait which didn't take too long and we were eventually seated. -  - It was Sunday during brunch time so we ordered a "Croque Madame" and the daily special of the day, "Lobster Egg Benedict". I love egg benedict and this was absolutely delicious! The mass amounts of fries on my friend's Croque Madame caught us by surprise. They literally put handfuls of fries on any dish that contains fries. I'm not saying that's a bad thing but my friend was too full to finish it all. My friend originally wanted the fried chicken and waffles but they ran out of it! We were sad and even more depressed when we saw the table next to us have one of the few last ones. Another thing that caught me by surprise was the bread they handed out. It was shaped like a weapon used in ancient times. In addition, they lay the bread in the middle of the table with no plates to eat it with. I was carefully eating the bread without leaving crumbs all over the place. For a somewhat fancy place, I would've expected small bread plates at least. -  - Service was average and can be a little better but I still tipped the waiter good. I can't justify tipping low unless the service was super bad. -  - To sum it all up, Bouchon has scrumptious food and I will definitely come back to either of the locations in Beverly Hills, Vegas, or Yountville.	2012-01-04	1	1	1
MS7U4oWVGJAReOLlG0VCOg	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	My man and I went to the one in New Paltz, NY and were blown away...so we were a bit hesitant to come to the one in Vegas (how could it live up to NY pizza?). Well it was darn close. This Grimaldi's has a really cool patio with half the bar on the inside and half the bar on the outside. We opted to sit on the outside portion and we were greeted by Anthony...one of the sassiest (can you say that about a dude?), coolest, funniest bartenders I have ever met. He totally made fun of me for trying to order ranch for my pizza (yeah, yeah i'm one of those weirdos). My bf got a good laugh out of that and I admitted defeat....I would just have to enjoy the pizza on its own.  -  - Good thing I did because it was delicious. The large pie with extra cheese, pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms was delightful. Be prepared not to have any leftovers because its so good. I could only finish 2 pieces...down from my usual 4. Trust me when I say this is as close as its going to get for NY pizza in Vegas (my man would agree and he's a TOTAL pizza snob). Thank you Anthony...you rock and we will be back to shoot the breeze again soon :)	2011-06-05	1	1	1
i744kmiW-WZ2Ju28oj9bfA	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	5	This is a place best done with many friends so you can share Bulgogi Fries or Nachos. I split a fusion burrito $5.99 and it was plenty. Even the half order of Bulgogi nachos $5.99 ($7.99 full) were enough for two of us. I really like the feel of this tiny place. It's a hidden gem.	2013-04-12	1	0	2
7NcbRksqjaxiHaYMzRffAg	Y2BXS2OOrlMSYfS5xdjtmw	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	5	Yummylicious!  They have delicious crime brle that they can caramelize for you right there! I also tried a few of their pastries, can't recall which ones I tried at this point but all were great! The macaroons are yummy too! I really like the chocolate, chocolate pistachio, pistachio, coffee, blueberry and lemon. Ginger was surprisingly good but chocolate mint fought with my taste buds. Needless to say there is a good variety of macaroons to try.  - They also have a soup and sandwich shop in the back of the bakery and is highly recommended by many. I look forward to trying a panini and soup next time I'm in the neighborhood.	2013-12-03	2	3	3
H60RCr4YfOdfCrKYdQ7Y0Q	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	oF24hmE7kD0komagZVLN7A	4	Everybody who comes to LV at least ones a year are so used to eating buffet, this i would say is a good mive up to buffet restaurant...it feels a bit more fine dining since the a lot of the food are already plated but not seating in the tray long that they either get cold or dry up...the atmospere was not hurried up so you feel like you need to leave soon so they can serve other guests...if you want to feel the future tone of Las Vegas, try to slow down life in this restaurant...	2014-03-27	0	0	0
GeZ3FAeMI7We6i0CuGb9TA	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	Lq19EfZtOB0lRWH39saEyg	3	The name says it all. Laugh out loud. -  - $7.25 for rare steak and flank, small bowl. Broth was good and service was super quick! -  - Right when you enter the restaurant, its packed and you can smell how good this place is. There is also a line. We waited for 30 min with a party of 11 on a Sunday afternoon at 1:00 PM after a night of mayhem at XS nightclub.  -  - Opened late night? Even better.	2011-12-19	0	0	0
KuTWyjAV_VgPEHACUEfZDw	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	drqxDaKNo7LetXh6CzCi8A	5	This place is awesome! Located at the strip right under the Eiffel tower, cool atmosphere great food, great service the food arrived very fast and it was very good. - I really enjoyed the experience.	2014-07-15	0	0	0
6E2j9utzB-NFJGOogWaTMQ	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	Lq19EfZtOB0lRWH39saEyg	4	Finally found a legit burger place in Las Vegas. -  - This past weekend was a early birfday celebratory weekend for my 23rd. For lunch, I decided to try out Holsteins, which is located right outside Marquee of Cosmopolitan.   -  - The restaurant atmosphere and decor was wonderful. There is a bar area. Lounge area with big chairs and couches. Inside were tables and booths. -  - Food:  - All the burgers looked good. I ordered the Rising Sun. Fried avocado, a south Asian sesame dressing with julienne carrots, spicy mayo, burger cooked medium. Comes with steak wedges or shoestring fries but instead, $2 for sweet potato. The burger was great! Perfect portion, and fried avocado did it for me.  -  - Service: - Services could have been better with more attention on guests, quicker refill on water, and corrected orders. My friend's burger was cooked too well however, the server took it back and brought over a new one.   -  - Overall, I loved the atmosphere. I loved the food. AND I loved the company. The price is a little pricey though. 15+	2011-12-19	1	0	2
cjER3-oWo0y9vVJXy42WpQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	MK_RTQD7KIcvqLrTeE9bYg	5	We went to The Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, kind of tucked away from everything else. We went for their breakfast Buffet which is 22$ per person, not at all an awful price. It includes your choice of drink, including champagne, mimosas or a bloody mary. I'm not a drinker but I tried a bit of the boyfriend's mimosa, while some would probably love it. I'm not one of those people. But the buffet I enjoyed.  -  - I tried to keep my head and only take little bits of EVERYTHING. One of the favorite things on my plate was the salted caramel pancake. It was a very subtle flavor but so good. In mini deep frying baskets (decoration only) they had fried chicken, recalling my good time at Hash House, I picked one up. The chicken was crispy and individual portion (I like when they do that so I can just sample-literally the night before I said I wish they would individually portion things so I know how much to eat) and so moist on the inside. Then there was the long line of sausages, homemade italian, chicken sausage, sausage patties, bacon, slab bacon, etc. It was overwhelming, I tried to take one piece of each. Slab bacon was a little bit more fatty than regular bacon, while I can see why people like it, it reminds me of ham, which I do not like but it was okay. Then buffets confuse me because it's like they have no concept of time, next to the breakfast food there is also pasta in small dishes and pizza, sushi, chinese food and dessert. I really enjoyed everything I ate, got full really quickly. How I wish I had tupperware on me...to steal food...what? It's not like you wouldn't do it too. -  - On to the more important part, the dessert. I had a molten lava cake sitting in its individual pot with caramel at the bottom. It wasn't incredibly molten but it was so delicious. I practically licked it clean. I also had a chocolate covered strawberry which seemed to have toffee pieces on the side. Then a chocolate mousse inside of a chocolate bowl, topped with fruit. All of it was delicious. I even had a little bit of mango gelato from their gelato bar. Overall I can see how they would easily get crowded really fast. But they were amazing from start to finish. -  - Also don't want to stick around? 16$ you can do a take out meal. Mind you, you don't get the full effect of the whole buffet atmosphere, you can't exactly come back for seconds, thirds, tenths, whatevers. But it's cheaper and I imagine might be easier during their busy hours. -  - So the tips: - Eat small bits of everything, your stomach and tastebuds will thank you. - Try to go early or late, but avoid the rush. - Make sure you save room for dessert.	2012-03-11	0	0	1
qwOnqOopg0x-j9LCT_P8cQ	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	k40Nvvj7dRAyTbn7C_i_SQ	5	There is nothing about Bouchon that would warrant anything less than 5 stars. This is as good as it gets.	2013-02-05	0	0	0
ggKNr6MuaAGXmarxuYsAjw	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	PywqqtJW3Om6HvFM1fLvew	5	JUST FANTASTIC. -  - I came here with my girls Kelsey W. and Katie H. at the end of our Vegas trip on the way back home to Cali. Katie H. saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and was meaning on coming here for a while. Glad we went to Vegas together so we could try this fine establishment together. -  - We took a seat at the bar which was great cus we got to talk a little with our waiter (tall red-head with a pony-tail) while he mixed drinks and such. Super nice guy with great food descriptions cus he made me want to try the entire menu, and I don't even eat pork or shell fish!! -  - We started with the black truffle parmesan fries. I mean, everything with truffle has to be good, right? But these were exceptional! Seasoned with just the right amount of spices, chives, parmesan flakes, truffle oil, and (surprise!) gravy! Suuuuuper good! Oh and with a sundried tomato aoli dip. Mmm mm mmmm! -  - Ok burgers. I got the Miyagi-San burger. I was nearly crying (and definitely licking my fingers...hell my whole hand) from the pure insanely good quality and tastes in my mouth. Beef medium, thinly fried onion rings, and an over-easy (not drippy!) egg. Buns were toasted, soft, sweet and yet so perfectly matched with the burger contents. Amazing, I was actually really sad when I finished eating. -  - They need to bring this place to LA, they will make millions! Until then, I look forward to coming back during my next trip to Vegas and trying more from the menu, even their cool cocktail and beer options.  -  - One of the best quality burgers I've ever had. Well done Bachi Burger.	2013-08-20	1	1	1
joCLZGwcAbnojc_NX2zvzg	cQrDRErbvkhtz7Xbmuz0Gw	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	1	Update: - In one of the most pitiful examples ever seen of "you can't fire me, I quit", the doc has sent me a letter stating that he will not see me as a patient anymore. Oh,...REALLY?!  - It sure is a pretty bad case of misplaced self-worth that must make him think I ever planned to go back to his crooked place that I had already told him I thought was a patient-robbing, fraudulent-billing, insurance-money, thievery office.* -  -    ( this is a backed-by-facts, highly professional opinion -- please see full, original review here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/griffin-e-cipolla-do-phoenix#hrid:mqKTickeGvmoY0tgfJ1b9w   )	2013-05-12	2	1	8
xwiOqXzXxcX9mNOaUtn7Nw	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. $21.95 for lunch.	2012-03-15	0	0	0
c38DbFQD9XTs1XJVW6td0Q	coP52gLXJLodXSNJUEB-Ug	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	5	I like to visit antique malls when I travel and usually there's the usual selection of brick-a-brack but this place?  It's VEGAS, baby!  Lots of huge prop pieces (need an 8' tall Anubis, anyone?) and other odd items.  It also has the typical selection of vintage stuff, craft stuff and new stuff.  Good for a couple hours of fun away from the strip.  Will definitely be back if I visit again.	2013-10-06	0	0	0
LAw9jZT9LKEGPgeEEPgPuQ	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	3	Hmm.... not sure about this place.  I re-read my review and it is funny that I got sick there.  I took my cousin there a few months ago, and he got sick too, like really sick.  Not sure what that's about.  It is too bad, because I like the food a lot.	2012-04-28	0	0	0
XXixNJrRZ_x57anwf_lUkA	6xgBVwvBxN0hqOmw0fQckQ	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	5	From the moment I entered the office until I left...it was an A1 experience.  I have not received that kind of superb treatment/customer service in a long time. (Really ever if I can remember) - I enter the office and a smiling welcoming receptionist greeted my by my first name.   I did not even have to introduce myself and she even pronounced my name correctly.. - That just showed me right there how attentive she/they were. Stephanie was her name and she even shook my hand.  I had to fill out the usual paperwork and before I sat down to do so..I was offered some bottled water.   - I was called in and xrays were done and had to go back to the waiting room because they were behind due to and emergency patient they had to take care of.  - As I went back to the waiting room, Stephanie came out to me and handed me an envelope.  She was very apologetic that I had to wait and she exclaimed they don't like their patients to wait.   - (OMG- they gave me a gift certificate for some frozen custard and a movie ticket!!!) - Who does that?  - I have been to several medical appointments where I had to wait forever and not even a simple sorry was said.   - They even have blankets for patients that might feel a little chill from the AC.  I love it cold and love AC but it does get nippy just laying there.  Next appointment I know how to dress.  lol - For my next appointment I was given an appointment form-time, date, etc but the important part was the breakdown of the total cost and what insurance will take care of and part is my responsibility.  -  - My son's appointment is coming up and my son says he hopes they are late so he can get comped.  hahahahhaahha -  - I definitely will be spreading the word to my friends, family and co-workers on how great this office is.   -  - Oh ya- Dr. Edington is not bad to look at neither.  (wink)	2012-04-13	0	0	0
wMaCLW2u-z5uFZ9BzipnYg	Ensu96ecI0OReupNS2x7ig	IeNHVYXSRfmCV3aN330ZPg	4	I had dinner here last week for my birthday. The staffs are super friendly. - Menu is simple with huge portion. We ordered the age new york and queen size prime rib. - Only down side of the meal is none of the steak came with any sides. You have to order sides separately. - Besides that it's two thumbs up. Steaks were perfectly cooked and very tender. - And they open until 1am perfect place for late night dinner.	2011-08-16	0	0	0
vLQ0kqzqAlGFowngqugBrw	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	5	Love this place! We've (myself and my fianc, Stacy F., a fellow Yelper) been a total of three times so far, twice to the Scottsdale location and once to the downtown Phoenix location. The food is always hot and fresh, the wait staff and bar tenders friendly and helpful, and there's a fun open air layout.  -  - The pork tacos are phenomenal, although I'm not crazy about the black beans and rice on the side.  We moved out here from Florida last May, and out that way we're far more used to yellow rice with our black or red beans, so it's merely a matter of personal preference.  The food is prepared exceptionally well.  Tonight I tried the spicy Asian wings with a side of regular fries, which were even better than I expected. When it comes to drinks, the Dr. Funk is our favorite so far, but there are plenty more we have yet to try.  -  - Overall this is one of our new favorite restaurants in the greater phoenix area, and I'd recommend it to anyone.  I personally prefer the new Scottsdale location, but you can't go wrong with either!	2014-02-18	0	1	1
3sCMUuBvxDedR-wMzwuG9w	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	SKCoRx75JW-ekkMxpVMgww	5	Seriously - run, don't walk, to get some insanely good fusion tacos at KoMex! -  - Don't be scared of the hood it's in, or the strip mall location, and don't be put off by the lack of decor or a/c - just go in, grab a seat, and get ready for insane flavor delerium! -  - Worth it for the free freshly made guacamole & freshly fried chips alone (dude - I wanted a vat of that guac to take with me), but it gets so much better! -  - I had four of the best freakin' tacos I've ever had for $5. FIVE BUCKS! Completely worth it, totally delicious, and super, super fresh & tasty. These people know exactly what they're doing. -  - PS - you HAVE to get the in-house made hot sauce for the table, too - you will not be sorry!	2011-08-29	0	1	1
lkVsNq0Xc-G01YIIKNnehQ	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	5	This is only the second five star review I have given since I started Yelp. Not being a huge fan of raw fish I was hesitant to come here because I know this is where the restaurant shines. But I came with an open mind and ordered a dish from every section of the menu. -  - I tried the yellowtail sashimi; shrimp tostada; hydro bibb black cod; rock shrimp tempura; cucumber salad; albacore; fire cracker roll; soft shell crab roll. The standouts for me were the yellowtail sashimi, shrimp tostada, shrimp tempura, and the fire cracker roll. A lot of the time I am not a fan of sushi because of all the soft elements but both the shrimp tempura roll and the fire cracker roll had a variety of textures. The shrimp tempura was lightly fried with the right amount of breading. Might have been the best shrimp tempura I have ever had. The yellowtail sashimi was also very good with the jalapeo tempura on top giving it the crunchy element I look for in dishes with raw fish. The two dishes I was not a big fan of were the hydro bib black cod and the cucumber salad. The black cod tasted fine but it was missing something and the piece given was extremely tiny so the lettuce took over. Cucumber salad had no flavor so I added a little extra soy sauce. Nothing I put in my mouth was bad but a few dishes needed a little refinement.  -  - Best Japanese I have had in Las Vegas and prices are ridiculously affordable for the quality of fish and ingredients being used.  -  - The chef/ owner is also nice and humble so I will be back time and time again.	2014-06-16	1	0	2
Sd8Gx1wqPn8Es7vOl7Vt7Q	RlrqwlKKAwzyxBAVoFMwBA	J-Y45xygkloOamuOlOwdrg	5	American Shooters is an excellent indoor gun range for new and experienced shooters alike. -  - A little about my background before my long review; I am a nobody.  I am not x-marines or have an uncle's cousin's nephew's roommate that was in Special Forces.  I am just your average US civilian gun enthusiast.  I've been shooting for a little over 10 years at the not so gun happy state of California. -  - The range and store itself was very clean, tidy, and well organized.  The store has a very unique way of displaying their firearms.  You can see it for yourself on the yelp pictures.  A range officer will consistently brush off shells from the gun range floor for you.  They have 25 and 50 yard lanes available (50 yards is new for me for an indoor range).  The gun range has a wide selection of firearms for rental from handguns, shotguns, and rifles.  However, make sure you do not leave without trying out one of their fully automatic sub-machine guns, assault rifles, or light machine guns.  Additionally, most of their long guns are customized with Eotechs, red dots, fore-grips, and scopes. -  - And now for why this range receives 5 stars; their customer service.  We had contacted the range manager previously to make a reservation for 7 shooters.  The manager returned my emails in a timely manner and answered all of my numerous questions on multiple emails.  My group came in on a Saturday afternoon so it was somewhat crowded.  Their store and range facilities had an impressive number of staff available.  We were greeted and helped right away when we walked in.  Range officer # 1 helped us get setup and made great suggestions for our selections of firearms to try out.  He was very patient with our indecisive group.  Range officer # 2 helped brief us on safety rules and assisted with running our guns.  He was very knowledgeable, friendly, and open minded (a big plus for me).  He didn't have the "Oh!  I was a marine for so and so years so you should listen to me" or  "It's my way or the high way" attitude, despite the fact that he did come from a military background.  My group felt very safe with him around and he was perfect for our new shooters.  We only paid for a 1 hour of shooting session, but since our group bought so much ammo to shoot with, the staff was understanding and nice enough to let us take our time and finish shooting all of our ammo without charging us for the extra time we racked up.  They could have easily told us to pay for the extra time we stayed, but they didn't.  The whole time we were there, it felt like they were there to make sure we had fun first before they made sure they made money. -  - So there you have it.  American Shooters easily earns 5 stars from me.  I would definitely go there again and highly recommend anyone to pay them a visit.  Check them out and have a blast!	2013-11-20	0	0	0
8OqZSWcPjjeWSJg8qC40rw	rrcQiwCCBoJuezMgJzx3GA	dHlNnMw5wAeH_lWWtxJGuQ	5	I loved my experience here. I never experienced any pressure selling and felt attended to completely. This place carried Stephanie James dresses, but I definitely couldn't afford the prices for those. But they had dresses of  similar styles in a lower price point available as well. I loved the staff here. They were sweet and extremely professional. Their customer service was outstanding and I have to say, that was a big reason I wanted to buy a dress here.  I also ended up buying one of my hair accessories here as well. They had a unique selection and made the effort to make this purchase feel really special, which meant a lot to me. I highly recommend checking out this shop!	2011-03-28	0	0	1
w4x-TVVI2KRxPDcKAzUopA	4WX-IwJUdEmnSWgEce2S7w	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Located inside of a larger shopping plaza this location is a great stop off for this chain. It is clean, well-organized and has a lot of options with a larger layout than some of the other stores in the area. The clothing section had a lot of options to look through, and as per usual for the chain. -  - I really liked that this location was larger than the typical one and felt more spread out with room to walk between aisles and space to have two people pass one another without having to do that awkward turn sideways and smoosh up against the clothes thing.   -  - Overall: A- - We didn't end up getting anything here since I wasn't loving anything enough to buy, but we will for sure be back here!	2014-04-01	1	0	1
w5eOyMBUQEA7gvAoxsPLkA	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	5	I felt like I HAD to go here when everyone was mentioning the "secret" pizza place.  Following my fellow Yelp-ers directions, we stumbled upon this place and the smells were amazing! -  - I kept it simple and we got a slice of the white pizza and the regular pepperoni pizza (we had just eaten at Pink's so we were a bit full).  Brought the slices back to the hotel (mistake, btw.  I should've eaten it right away.  They're best when hot from the oven!) and devoured it.   -  - The food was soooooooo awesome and easy on the wallet.  I definitely wanna go back!	2011-09-08	3	1	2
y05U_wVaJbLKA6GE61KO6w	5IWu0xhlZEopvIz3w7o_3w	iPh_cpXcsif7F5cU8s1bqg	5	This is absolutely one of the BEST steakhouses I've ever been to! I ordered a filet mignon (medium) and it was very juicy and delish! my friends had the lobster and shrimp. The lobster was HUGE and tasted awesome and the shrimp was in this creamy sauce that was to die for! It is a bit noisy in that restaurant but overall the atmosphere was great!	2011-04-29	0	0	1
0RoxgrO6X7_C6aO3EOD3MQ	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	gkuMOImi2FrHGKwvjcxR9A	2	I was only going to give it 1 star but the bread (especially the pretzel bread and the olive bread) and wine were at least good!  My friend and I are on a quest to find the best tuna tartar in the valley....why?  Well, why not, I guess!  She'd googled something like "best tuna tartar" and City Hall came up in her search.  So sad it did because I wish I had my time and money back.  They need to send someone over to The Mint to see how tuna tartar should be made!  The price for the tuna tartar was $18 which I'd HAPPILY pay if it was GOOD but it was awful!  Instead of a nice bowl of tender delicious tuna like we had at The Mint, we got a tri-level blob on our plate.  The bottom layer was what I believe were crushed up chow mein noodles of some sort....bland and boring!  The next layer, which was about 3/4 of the blob, was guacamole....WEIRD!  And it wasn't even a nice bold flavorful guac!  Like the chow mein noodles, it was bland and boring.  Then in a VERY thin layer smeared on the top were some small pieces of raw tuna.  And guess what?  It was bland and boring too!  No surprise there, huh?  So we very disappointed to say the least.  We also opted to try the seared ahi tuna.  Another mistake!  I've eaten a LOT of ahi in my life (Salt Cellar always has beautiful ahi!!) and when I order seared ahi, I expect it to be put on a very hot grill for just a moment and then turned over for another moment and then off so that the inside is still nice and raw.  Everywhere I've had seared ahi from one side of the US to the other has been prepared that way.  At City Hall it was cooked all the way through and it really ruined it for me.  It almost seemed as if we were eating canned tuna.  Not impressed!  We would have complained to our server if we ever saw her!  I was finally able to flag her down and get our bill but by then, we didn't have time to say anything as we needed to leave.  Kudos to the valet at least! I couldn't find my ticket and was searching my purse for it when all of a sudden my friend said "hey, he's got your car already!"   The place was pretty full so I was pretty impressed that he remember what car we were driving..... -  - Onward and upward to our next stop on our tuna tartar tasting tour.....	2012-02-16	0	2	2
mEDhmDwAd-3YMEG9lDuZ6Q	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	We didn't go in to Hula's for a while because it was right next to the booshy coffee shop and we just don't ever seem to feel comfortable around those crowds. But one day, when we had the night to ourselves, we decided to do a little bar hopping around the 'hood. I am DYING to try the volcano, let me just start with that! We had some good, pretty drinks at good prices, and a basket of sweet potato fries, which were on the house since the waiter forgot about us. GREAT service, btw. We went back a while later with my sister and her boyfriend who loved it. I'm sure we'll be back again as soon as we have another night on our own. Or maybe we'll go with the kids. The set up is awesome, it's 1/2 outdoor which is perfect with the kids, and there's an outdoor firepit and some bike racks. Can't wait to try this place again. I honestly have no complaints.	2011-01-20	1	0	2
_sPhTiZ85cZ0mkTFUB3A8A	Y6YCdd7RrTXpGFoACkyGuw	CcnyFhixeLLIw8UWYdiU9g	5	I've been going to Twins for about 1yr now. FYI. My profile pic is one of those hats with hair on it. Not a twins job. Lol. Anyway, I get a high and tight skin fade. They always use a straight razor to perfect it. You walk into most haircut places and ask for a skin fade using a razor  and they look at you like you have 2 heads. I have never got a bad haircut from anyone. I don't wait for a specific barber.  Never been let down. Really purveyors of a dying art.	2012-04-27	0	0	3
ufd4lM2FptuZQoiCLxb39Q	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	xILtLiNFntJ68NZ0YcGM0w	4	If you are really really hungry I would suggest eating here. They have lots to choose from and their serving portions are HUUGE! Which is not that bad for their menu pricing.  -  - The only thing is that they are always crowded especially in the morning on the weekends. I've only eaten here twice and had to wait a while to be seated each time. So expect a line if you don't get there before they open. The unfortunate thing is that you can't make reservations and cell phone reception is terrible so if you're trying to get a hold of people who are meeting with you there do it before entering.  -  - Other than that their food is good. So far I've tried their mushroom Swiss burger and their banana nut french toast which was delish!	2014-06-28	0	1	1
rHmgY6Zg4_2UPiztUCM1tw	pIQvJ9vMMCmTZF9QDK8zxg	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	4	I have been going to Dr. Burns for a little over 5 years (since I was 18) and she is great. She is very personable and makes you feel comfortable asking those some times "embarassing" questions. The reason I did not give this office 5 starts is because there is only 1 and it is way out in Anthem! I live in Summerlin, but I still make the 40 minute drive out there every time I need to see an OB/GYN because the facilities are clean and modern, they offer many services including cosmetic and weight loss, and the doctors are very friendly.  I even called Dr. Burns on her cell once, and she answered and put my worries at ease. -  - I HIGHLY recommend! -  - :)	2012-09-04	0	0	1
Ahz_0QS8fxOE54wHEYzEkQ	IRYj1b1-mlXqABVsl9SoqQ	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	4	Once I got over my shock that they didn't have chicken, I was ready to order!!  I picked the Mexican Shwarma ( as another Yelper called the pork).  So glad I did.  It was delicious.  Not spicy( I got the sauce on the side) and very moist.  The corn tortillas had the perfect corny tasty to them.  I only wish I would have discovered this joint sooner.  My wife waited on a different line and got the carne asada taco.  She thought they were really tasty too.  As good or better than a taco in Socal.	2014-05-27	0	0	0
yp_vbe-IBTmJHp42oqy67g	tD_X2riMnaqIiSXnZuKKxg	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	Beginning in Colorado in 1984, Comfort Dental has offered free dental care on Christmas Eve Day. Care Day was started 28 years ago as a way of improving accessibility to dental care. On Care Day, all services are free to anyone. Patients are helped on a first-come, first-served basis, receiving a variety of basic dental care from cleanings to extractions. More serious dental problems are handled on a case-by-base basis and at the discretion of the individual dentist. Nationally, approximately 250 Comfort Dental dentists and 1,300 staff members donate their time on Care Day.  -  - I had my wisdom tooth pulled for free on this day. I have had no complications. I paid $500+ to have my other upper wisdom tooth pulled at my previous dentist's office. I know that this location is a bit further from the inner city Yelp Squad but I can say that the work and personal care received is well worth another drive out to Chandler.  -  - For the time you, and your lovely staff, lost with your loved ones on Christmas Eve I thank you for your expert dental work. Yelp Elite Member of 2011 -  - Armando Sausedo	2011-12-27	0	0	0
i8oNg6THZnW8k0At1Ib1Zg	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	hRy9-3-MT2_g9EBUU_Is_A	3	So I really like this place for its ambience. However,  I have a comment about the size of the small plates (especially the steak skewers). They used to be decent size.  If I'm paying $25 for three plates I would expect more, like they used to be. The quality was still there but the portions were tiny.	2010-12-24	0	0	1
ikntFQW55wn5gEG9pFUVYg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	N64FvGq6E6spXZTy0OlMVQ	5	My husband and I always eat here before we leave Vegas. The best breakfast ever! So tasty and portions are huge! Everything is delicious!	2013-06-27	0	0	0
8Ycnk2ODU5kxW_HOrK-N4Q	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	ybik_17I-UUPQPVeC32uEg	4	We came here for dinner and ordered the carpaccio, muffaletta flatbread, seared scallops, and the braised boar pappardelle. This was quite a bit of food for a nice restaurant. We probably could have left out one of the items.  -  - The carpaccio was tasty and came draped over a pile of salad and a polenta cake. As everyone says, the portion size is quite large. The muffaletta flatbread, again good size, was topped with a salad that helped cut the saltiness of the shaved meats. The scallops (we got 4 large scallops) were a bit inconsistent - 2 were over salted, and the other 2 were perfect. Who knows what happened there. The papardelle was good, but I wish the dish had been a bit meatier (mixing in the red wine sauce that came on the side made it more flavorful).  -  - Our server was very familiar with the menu and caught a mistake on one of our plates (no salad atop the flatbread) as he was about the serve it. He was also very attentive despite having a full section. -  - Oh, and the cocktails that we got were pretty strong.  -  - Overall, a pretty good meal.	2011-12-03	0	0	0
Tcj0EgL3dm7qJCuYap4Jqg	y4Qyf4PPSOHdQFTr3Zi_KA	hrYTy0jHjEV_Ywkuyhn_7g	5	If I could choose any casino to visit in Las Vegas, this would probably be #1 in my books.   -  - Even though it is always packed whenever I go there, it doesn't feel that way and everything is so spacious.  I do enjoy bowling and it's one of my favorite places to bowl (mainly cause of the cosmic bowling and reasonable prices).  Outside of that, I go there to watch movies, I have been to a few of the concerts this past summer (Barenaked ladies and OAR) at the pool area which is phenomenal. -  - I've been to most of the restaurants, been a fan of them.  It's just so hard for me to find a reason not to go there.  Well, getting a good parking spot is annoying but outside of that, no real complaints.  That, and the lack of cheap hookers.  They like to be called "escorts" here at Red Rock. -  - These reviews aren't as fun since this place is too awesome.  Sorry yelp.	2011-10-20	2	2	4
vhoNrxYaQ2xf55P34k024g	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	SnMK74nnvqEtpT5JsoUTJw	4	Great Sushi and Sake Options. Sat at the Sushi bar though and I thought it was a little weird that we didn't order from there but that is non issue to me really. The ambience is ok, a little loud and hard to talk but that might just be the part of the restaur I was sitting in.	2014-04-09	0	0	0
tdZoO5sXVQpViIB9C8JzTQ	jdMZwzgn6A1_1gP2Wz2uwg	ZtIMT4Fns15h92OQiwRdCQ	5	We recommend Dr. Amols and the staff at AZ Assoc for Reproductive Health! We ended up needing an emergency ultrasound on our way out of town over the holidays and they were so kind to squeeze us in (where many others couldn't, since it was so last minute.) They provided us with the necessary information we needed with our diagnosis! They also provided us with important phone numbers in case we needed to contact the DR in the event of an emergency - which made us feel so comforted!  -  - Karen, the office manager is also amazing! She is going far out of her way to help us with insurance benefits. I am sure many know how rediculous it can be to work with insurance for infertility...and Karen has been SO helpful to assist us with billing and other insurance issues. -  - They have a great team and would recommend them!!	2012-04-18	0	0	0
dcuxWxjvCncAKz0NedyFnw	CbUkl9BpdI_m7Yt4yTca_Q	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I honestly can't remember the name of the woman who keeps helping me, but I love her. She's done 1 facial on me which at first I thought horrible, I was freaking out my face was so red, pores were huge, bumps every where. I was terrified to go to work the next day. But I went to bed and when I woke up I was like a new person. My coworkers couldn't get over how soft and silky my skin felt and how clear it was. I got it for acne and it kept my skin baby soft and clear for a month. Which before it was gross and I was having major issues with break outs.  -  - I've also been to her 4 or 5 times for facial threading, she does my eyebrows so well, looking at pictures I can tell how flawless they look. I love the threading because unlike my friends who get theirs waxed and have to worry about patches of skin ripping off or in one case the wax fell in the wrong area and she ended up with a funny bald spot, threading doesn't do that.  -  - I've also received deep conditioning treatments from her and my hair came out amazing.  -  - I do plan on getting my eyebrows done by her as long as she's there, and I will be returning for more facials as well.	2011-01-21	0	0	2
QlEPYWRiM-XdrbFnPgDTNQ	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	eGR9LBKKjJlXVH6F-a5GVw	5	Really, really liked this place.   -  - Service was very quick.  Came in with 5 min to spare at end of happy hour.  Our server came right over and we managed to squeeze in an order of sangria before happy hour ended.   -  - Diablo shrimp was my favorite.  A little sweet but excellent.  Stuffed dates were also very good.	2011-10-24	0	0	1
WiiwqexQWthL0LQKao9M_A	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	4	This place was at the top of my list. I knew that by the end of my trip I have to make my way here. I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken- Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. The sandwich came out wrapped like a brick of gold. It was hot and the bread was toasted. It was the best thing I ate all weekend. When I got back to my hotel, I devoured what remained of my sandwich quickly. -  - Earl's is worthy of being my regular Vegas dining spot! It's open 24 hours and it's cheap. Sandwiches are about $6. What more can I ask for?	2012-07-03	2	0	1
_akux_DOjGTGKe8ex_33GA	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	2	this buffett wasn't bad, nor was it special in anyway. - there are much better buffets on the strip - there is a wide variety of food, but none of it is super special. - i like the breakfast way more than the dinner. - service was pretty good though, my OJ was always filled up to the brim.	2011-06-02	0	0	0
ZxZlE-4C5qsClidj5zcHNA	tn5SXZvWiT-uVsjXLGSrww	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	Don't trip, you're not in a buffet in Macau or Hong Kong. There's a lot of Asians here because we Asians love seafood. Our parents like to act as if one plate is all you get, so don't get mad if you see those little Asian ladies stacking it up yay high on a single plate. The chefs will pile on more of it soon. -  - The line into this buffet can be long but what legit buffet entrance line in Vegas isn't? If you got the diamond or platinum rewards player's card, then hop in that VIP line. Muchhhhh faster. Seafood buffet dinner was about $40/head. -  - The service was really good. Our two ladies, one with the tag from Thailand, the other was Chinese were very very nice and prompt. They had a lot on their hands considering I brought the clan that day, a table of 13. So I give them mad props for making our time enjoyable even though it's a self served buffet. -  - In my opinion, the food is pretty good but it has slightly shifted downwards from when I first experienced it. They use to have lobster but even Vegas suffers when the rest of the nation is. Cut out some losses and X out some expensive shelfish off the menu is their answer. Still, plenty of different seafood to go around. Their prime rib is not too shabby either. Au jous sauce is slightly salty but the meat is tender fo sho. -  - I don't care if I'm at a seafood buffet, I love fried chicken. I gave it a shot. To my surprise, they were darn good. All was missing was some Texas style hot sauce. -  - Lastly, desserts... All I have to say is pistachio gelato. That's it. That's all you need. Two orders, maybe one for the road. I promise you, if you like pistachio, you'll thank me. And if you don't, oh well. You're at a buffet in Vegas, don't be so senstive. All the left overs gets grinded and literally trash trucked to a farm outside of Vegas to be fed to a bunch of piggies. Thank you Mike Rowe and Dirty Jobs for enlightening me on this.	2009-12-02	1	2	1
mmZQR7CVLTLRnIoBSkX46Q	QB1dMlATwesPf6rrJGLQww	itv4pB3tbT7eMuVrFU65Tg	4	Really cool outdoor shopping center. Has everything you could possibly need, including Target, a grocery store, a movie theater, and clothing shops. Lots of restaurants and bars as well. They even have In-N-Out here!	2005-07-18	0	0	0
hOrpvmPlhZokqZMb4Zxi6w	lPh02W25cOrAz57UbTpbFQ	wJv-7qPE2Knmy9OZDCpmEA	3	Oyshi has a delicious and extensive ayce menu, there is no doubt about that. Many of the items are interesting and full of flavor. Some of my favorite items are the Love Affair and Japanese Lasagna rolls as well as the beef wrapped asparagus and sizzling ribeye. The quality and creativity of their menu items deserves praise. For example, the cucumber salad isn't the typical you would get at another sushi spot, they have a peanuty sauce laid on top that really individualizes it from the standard version of the dish. All that being said, I still would not say that dinner there should be several dollars higher than other ayce sushi places.  -  - First of all, the service at Oyshi stinks, to put it plainly. Don't get me wrong, the staff is pleasant and at times can even be friendly. However, the food just comes out way too slowly. Other sushi restaurants really leave Oyshi crying in the dust when it comes to this. On top of that, they definitely pull the "always filling up your drink" technique to get us full. This just doesn't give your party a lot of room to appreciate all of the items they offer simply because your appetite duration can only hold out for so long. -  - Secondly, the dessert choices are outstanding, BUT you are limited to one special dessert! Their desserts are the best I've seen so far at a sushi place, but oh my goodness, for $26 dinners, I personally think we should be allowed to try them all one time each, at the very least! I am in love with the green tea tiramisu and the green tea crme brle. The fruit parfait is also very tasty, anything but disappointing. -  - For these reasons, I award Oyshi three stars. Their food makes them a great establishment, but I strongly feel they need cater better to the customers.	2013-04-27	0	0	0
WGiQjUnkJHfr0ioRZpDkrQ	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	5	This is my FAVORITE Restaurant in Las Vegas.  My boyfriend and I came across it by accident as we were heading to the Shark Reef.  The food is fabulous and has such an array of different flavors.  The enchiladas and the carne asada quesadilla are to DIE for not to mention the watermelon lemonade! -  - The service is fabulous and is located near the Shark Reef, away from all the hussle and bussle of the casino...and it is close by the pool as well.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!	2008-09-22	1	1	2
OuY77-BAu7AbZZnEcWJLPQ	vWMSbzxT7RmjKc7NEPuCMQ	r53TYZVFlcnBPoQW_erTWg	1	The staff is friendly but unfortunately they did not do an overall good job. The nail polish was done poorly. I feel like I could've done a better job myself. I told them it had to be redone and they literally touched it up and removed some of the polish they had left on my skin the first go around.  -  - I wouldn't go back.	2012-08-02	0	0	0
EwrWGyYo7506oV1xMLeXgQ	nzAKY6Jw1Sv4nGdHWM9_EQ	xTxoKlOIZaNoeCXbnUZTvA	4	I just got back from a deluxe pedicure from Cindy at True Nails, my first time there.  My feet look like they have actually had a pedicure, with attention to my calluses and my heels, as opposed to the last 2 places I have visited, and for the same, or less, money.  The salon is very clean, pleasant, and the personnel are friendly.   I will definitely be back here for a great pedi.	2014-05-12	0	0	1
kVhxhP7HE-9e8HIR7kqNqg	05tazaFQt1EnQ_Gk_1AFyg	r8oWB3bY2kyKJbk_Bp1aig	4	Good service, actual Irish people! And I have to say, I loved the physical bar here--absurdly ornate, reminds me of Bourbon Street in the Theatre District...	2012-09-04	0	0	0
xdZQ5CtP9XwTf-On7RTWZQ	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	4	The pepperoni pizza was very good.  Wasn't expecting much from this restaurant so I was happy.	2010-08-30	0	0	0
H6W-i4v1BPhtKSES9rZF9w	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	M67pECGniaCn8_4WEWG37Q	5	Fantastic experience that I will not be able to afford again for a long time. -  - Beautiful restaurant, very attentive and friendly staff, and the food, My Gosh, the food! -  - I'll just ramble off some of the highlights.  Salad bar: lobster bisque, smoked salmon, mozarella balls, bacon, and the goat cheese.  Meat favorites:  House specialty sirloin, lamb chops, and filet mignon. -  - Left very stuffed and very satisfied.	2014-02-02	0	0	0
c0bZuWAt9W3k7d-24_uEaA	VXxbj6kbrxAcOFmIf2eVrQ	YneSTqU6UrtQ7e6szjg4BQ	1	Called and stated I needed someone with a lot of experience cutting long, curly, thick, unruly hair. Your receptionist said no problem. -  - The woman cutting my hair said she was just learning how to cut curly hair. -  - I asked for partial low lights--you bleached out my hair. -  - You cut my hair uneven, and I had to have it fixed somewhere else (there were big chunks!) -  - Two hundred dollars to look like a skunk, streaked poodle. -  - Right before leaving, you asked why I even came there as I was looking for something more conservative as you were an :alternative salon."	2014-05-02	0	0	4
nS813BufjMuRzvcCM8_90Q	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	ri8r2LgXfynntJT8AQKhOA	4	Overall one of the better high end buffets in Las Vegas.  Lots of selection and food generally good quality for a buffet.  The other buffet I would definitely recommend is the Bellagio buffet.	2009-05-14	0	0	0
Wrk23YGaBuMdC4009QzDEw	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	P5BmTASh86GIcBApw_92IQ	2	I don't get it.  It's fine for what it is and the price is decent as well, but nothing stood out.  We ordered around 15 dishes and they were all just...fine.   -  - One thing that was bothersome was that I ordered the Poached Egg with Sea Urchin and Salmon Roe....I did not realize it also came with a golf ball sized amount of grated mountain yam.  Right when the waitress set it down I asked her if that was mountain yam...she said "yes"  and I said "Oh no, I'm allergic to mountain yam!"   She didn't seem to care and walked away.  Now if the description mention mountain yam, I would not have ordered this dish...but it didn't.  I know it's not right for me to expect that they would just take the dish back, but I did hope that they would have the decency to do so. We left it pretty much untouched and when she came to pick up the dish, not a word was uttered.  =/ -  - I think part of my disappointment came from expectations that were just too high.  I think I'll just stick with Lotus of Siam if I'm going to eat off the strip!	2011-09-07	0	0	1
c-ef5qqG_kbNku9U9UOamw	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	hxaO3zgt20tOguJm4a_DlA	4	Get the crispy duck. The crispy duck with basil/mint is the best of the crispy duck options.	2014-01-06	0	0	0
DxeWafxTrt4MvgLIydzAdA	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	cN0XKFeD-H4D5KolR52znw	3	just OK	2008-11-09	0	0	0
SsH7y-CjhjKgCDHWvFKEhg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	j5lkQb6MjTWijcIqdGmykQ	5	This place is always amazing, every time I go.  The burrata is to die for and I order it as soon as I sit down.  If you don't get there semi early though, they typically run out by 6 or 7 on Fridays and Saturdays.  All of the pizzas I've had are super tasty, with local ingredients for toppings.  My favorite has to be the Diavolo with ricotta.  The salami has a nice spicy kick and the ricotta balances it out nicely.  Its a little warm during the summer, as most of the seating is outside.  But once the sun goes down and they turn on the decorative lighting, you forget you're in downtown Phoenix.  I'd recommend this place over Pizzeria Bianco anytime.  Half the wait and twice as good.	2014-07-11	0	0	0
wthHoGNC8dNsjZgN1DCKAQ	05tazaFQt1EnQ_Gk_1AFyg	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	5	We ate here early on a Friday before the Zumanity Cirque show.  Atmosphere and service were spot on and the food was wonderful.  The potato & leek soup was scrumptious.  My husband liked his baked brie but I wasn't wild about the cherry relish on top.  The lamp stew was fabulous.  And the desserts: bread pudding and toffee cake were 'lick the plate' good.  This was one of our favorite meals in Vegas, food-wise.	2013-10-06	0	0	1
W3B5C8Fus4yWWbfnOKZOoQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	yR5kinScZ_HhLCii4BQ35A	5	Oh Yes !!! you did it again Mon Ami Gabi..Had lunch here on 12/16/2011  This is a spot on consistent restaurant. We always have lunch here at least once whenever we come to Vegas and it never fails the outstanding experience... Just think about it , the weather is in the 60's you are seating outside with both views of the Eiffel Tower and The Bellagio fountains across while sipping Mimosas or a fine Pinot Noir. Then you have an excellent meal whic consists of escargots, french onion soup, a filet mignon with pomme frittes ..chocolate souffle for dessert....priceless..	2011-12-28	0	0	1
eShVQuXUGv2avGX7j2BILQ	Ensu96ecI0OReupNS2x7ig	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	2	This place is at best average. We love steak and during our staycation at the New York New York the husband and I made reservations a few days in advance and headed over.  We didn't have to wait for our table but did have to ask the hostess to move us to a larger table (my husband is 6'7) obviously the average 2 top doesn't cut it!! The waitress was a very kind lady from Hawaii and the clam chowder was awesome but unfortunately that's where the pluses ended. Both steaks were dry and next to flavorless and the asparagus side dish was underwhelming. The decor was blah and I feel that we were over dressed :/ (I like to dress up for nice dinners).The drinks were strong, the calamari was decent but that was about it. As far as price is concerned I don't feel it was overly expensive. $43 is about average for a steak on the strip, I'm not sure what else would be expected. We are locals and won't be back and this place won't be recommended. We like the kind of steaks that don't need A1!! lol	2012-10-18	0	0	1
Eyxvwv467szBUbQd8WJCRA	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	3	Definition of "a-Ok". - Not a destination dining experience, that's for sure. - I would say over-hyped, but over-hipped is more like it. -  - I'm sure it's all so impressive to someone less jaded and cynical, but c'mon.  - This is really nothing more than someone collecting all of the 'exotic' dishes one at a time from generic american restos like applebees and chilis, and combining them onto one menu in one place. -  - Omigosh! You put a ring of grilled pineapple and some terriyaki on my chicken sandwich?!?  OOOH, how pacific rim fusion.  Someone call Martin Denny.	2011-08-01	6	13	9
uBJhCfvOltxV2xxqb9XZfA	q7MXrL3K5COL51o_bxDLDQ	etPSRfrzJ7e3sHgG9xrOIQ	5	Vicky is heaven sent I tell you. The compassion she shows and the sincerity in her heart just goes to show that she truly understands her work and is a true professional at what she does. I'm a cystic acne client who has suffered nearly 30 years of literally "hiding" some days. Its only been a few weeks since I've started treatments with Vicky and the results are amazing.  I feel pretty again :) :) :)  LOL.  My skin has smoothed out and I have a more even tone. The best part...I dont have to wear foundation anymore to hide redness and blotches AND I've stopped taking the meds Ive been on for the last who knows how many years. I feel FREE!!!! I trust Vicky so much, I have also purchased Peel deals and skin care regimens for my two children. My 19 year old sons confidence has gone up so much he has started going to the gym more often and wants a new wardrobe. I cant wait to see my daughters results as she just had her first treatment a few days ago. This is literally life changing for my kids and I because unfortunately they inherited my problem skin. THANK GOD we found Vicky while they are still young and have the chance to get everything under control. Confidence is so important in everything we do. I honestly feel I have a different aura and outlook on life. It feels great. I know the same goes for both my college age kids. THANK YOU VICKY!  Your the best! -  - - Troi W.	2012-04-17	2	0	2
EWIjfrON8I0G4TNrlqjA2A	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	Who, what, where, how?? -  - First let me begin with the fact that ever since first Yelping this place me and my girl had been dreaming of one night dining at this well established cafe. -  - What stopped us for two weeks? - 1. Guests coming into town - 2. A "3 hour wait" which we read about on Yelp' - 3. A "4 hour wait" when we called to check on Saturday night - 4. A possible dreaded artsy, hipster scene making one's night uncomfortable and annoying. -  - So What happened? -  - Well we had an hour and an half wait on a tuesday, (hey we expected it so no biggie) found it had a very quaint location and a very relaxing Wine Bar that served us up some amazing Italian wines, a mixed cheese platter and a Goat Cheese and Olive brushetta type snacks while waiting. -  - To our surprise the scene was rather chill and we only noticed rudeness by a male couple snickering about others in the corner while sipping their vino, cute guys...not. -  - As we were called in to the little kitchen we were personally greeted by Chris Bianco who was flipping dough with a smile on his face and an aroma that filled the air with Italian ecstasy. -  - We were seated and our waiter promptly, but very politely went over the menu, you could tell just by his confidence that the chef knew his stuff with the plates. -  - We started with the prosciutto wrapped asparagus which was oh, so tangy, crisp and amazing followed by the homemade mozzarella, tomato and basil salad, which, if I may reiterate, was amazing as well. -  - As we sipped our wine and conversed while taking in the wonderful smells and watching Chris spin his dough from the kitchen I noticed he personally again looked at us and noted that our pizza's would be right up, now, I don't know about everyone, but it's pretty damn impressive when the Chef is so on top of things he knows exactly what's going on with every table at one given time. -  - Our pizza's came soon thereafter, The Wiseguy for me, and the biancoverde for my girl. Delicious, absolutely delicious, the ingredients were so fresh you could tell they are hand picked and the crust unbelievable... crispy, soft in the middle, with purposeful flaws in order to bring out a hint of bitterness with the rich cheese atop. -  - We will for sure be back however, Pizzeria Bianco is a night in itself, never a quick bite, so be optimistic, and NOT in a hurry when attempting to choose a spot for dinner.	2009-01-21	3	2	4
S1rjmb3ZyJ0qA_qJz0NxFQ	BdsVOlCc_eSVH2-PwZ7H7g	hB-tmatI2am8ZqqDGr75DA	3	It's exhausting to walk just about anywhere in Vegas and traveling from one end of the Forums to the other is no exception but there are plenty of restaurants along the way (and even center kiosks for booze, oxygen, and desserts) to re-charge your batteries - however you might choose. -  - Selection of stores seem to run the gamut - from low end retailers like an H&M where you can pick up a tshirt for $6 to others where I hope you won more at the tables than I did, and everything in between. -  - If all else fails - at least in true Vegas style - it's a visually pleasing backdrop poorly attempting to transport you half way around the world but at least transporting you away from the street vendors for a second.	2013-12-07	0	0	0
tj7_DUhOLYxSHceiCSVINQ	saCtN9IoDXPFk1KuB2FO6A	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Melrose Pharmacy is a throwback to a time that probably never existed. The place is charming. Teresa (Theresa?) the pharmacist / owner rocks the pharmacy world, and MP is a true neighborhood business. -  - Pros:  - -Friendly, amusing, thorough, efficient, caring service - -Nice selection of incense, candles, and other soothing goodies to sniff while-u-wait - -Cool / retro bottled sodas and candy - -It's in that nifty Wagon Wheel building - -Next door to Hollywood Regency - -Accepts most insurance - -Calming as hell after you've just been on the phone for an hour with Aetna's perma-baffled customer service team -  - Cons: - -None	2008-10-18	9	5	10
lFJTqd_jH48Pev7K1vgK2w	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	fVKVNo3X5qLWQUyqB30smA	4	Ate here on 5/18/13 with 5 others for a birthday. Gotta say, food was really good. My favorite was the flank steak. So juicy and cooked perfectly. Mushrooms were also tasty. Chicken was just ok. To be honest, when you come to places like these, skip the chicken and only order steak. Pay for what you get. You can order chicken anytime, anywhere. That's just me. The Sangria was probably the best I have tasted. -  - Service was top notch. -  - Overall: B+	2013-05-19	0	0	0
wJ-utd6ouOr5P1sS_eE4RA	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	TkP8s0Z9N-r0IAk3_K_Phw	5	Holy sweet Jesus, this is some good cow. -  - They proudly display a sign that says "Voted Best Gourmet Burger in Vegas 2010"---and rightfully so.  Bachi Burger takes the classic "meat, bun, & veggie combination," adds a bit of an Asian twist to it, sprinkles on some magic dust, and voila! What you have is a kickass burger waiting for you to devour it. -  - With every Vegas trip I go on, I've been more than glad to come back here. Service has always been amazing--almost as amazing are their Sweet Potato Fries. Semi sweet, super crispy, extra delicious. Get these instead of the gravy-topped Truffle Fries and you won't be disappointed. -  - It's not listed on their current menu, but last time I went, I had the pleasure of trying an appetizer dish...I believe it was Seared Tuna with Chips....it was utterly delicious. The salty chips paired nicely with the silky fish. The Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, and Spicy Miso are always good choices as the main course. -  - Next time (if the blackjack tables treat me a little better,) I'll opt for the Shogun Burger!	2011-07-15	2	1	1
zOUmL8Ner0MCuv9gQoIhhg	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	jb9JTKuVw4GvrBQtAU7CQQ	5	Moved down to Reno a few weeks ago and heard this place through some friends. They had a large menu consisting of different types of crepes and waffles. I couldn't decide on which crepe to try so I actually had a custom made crepe with bananas, strawberries, blackberries, cheesecake bits, and vanilla ice cream. It was sooo yummy!! I usually don't like ridiculously sweet desserts, but this was perfect. The owners were really friendly too. They explained the concept of the Japanese style crepe as soon as I came in. They also made me an ice coffee, which wasn't on the menu.   -  - I would definitely come back for an evening snack/ dessert. Highly recommend this place!	2011-06-24	2	2	4
ohDZEdeNwruX6dDAAiL0yA	ta6GXjcGAhMlC-KtxX6VfQ	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	3	Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars.  -  - Pros:  - Great workout facilities - Great classes (esp. the Cardio Kick class with Jen)  - Super friendly staff - Received a wonderful Ice Cream pedicure - Great cafe with yummy guilt-free food -  - Cons: - Smallish locker room area, expected bigger from a place that is 69,000 sq. ft.  - Color scheme is a drabbish neutral color, which makes the spa look kinda worn and not so clean - Trying to get to the Canyon Ranch Spa is an ordeal in itself, not very conveniently located - Pretty expensive to use the facilities ($35/day or $80/3 days) and you still have to pay if you have a service there ($15/day)  - It closes at 10pm (i guess thats a given since we're supposed to be gambling or drinking it up by then)	2006-11-17	0	0	2
yeKxeTRMVSozI2XzOZ1Nhw	D_BMUHbZk67hzRcK3xQQmg	QTo0B1_d8Yk_IMxWfZjtAg	5	If you're in the mood for some authentic Indian food & spice this is a place to go... The food is absolutely fantastic down to the  Naan bread- spices are true to scale & flavors are on point!  - The location doesn't look like much when you first pull up; in fact might find yourself questioning your choice, but trust me you will get over it as soon as you try the food.  - Also, this is a very family oriented restaurant, so bring the kids and whoever else in your family tree. -B	2014-05-21	1	1	2
JdtM--aZDWePSjhwDzMDkA	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	1	Oh @TheVigAZ, you usually do so well, but when you fail me, it's always an epic fail. Last night, you fell flat on your face. -  - I ordered the Vigazz Burger, anticipating greatness. -  - My girlfriend and her daughter received their food, and finished their meals. I got nothing. -  - While my girlfriend was still eating, I inquired with one of the back servers about my burger, and was told it was almost ready. -  - 15 or 20 minutes after my party finished eating, I was still waiting. -  - The other people around me, who'd ordered around the same time as I (some before, most after) were finished with their meals, and still I waited. -  - I had by this time decided I no longer wanted my meal, but no server was present to inform. -  - While I waited for the server to come by to deliver the inevitable check, I noticed people who'd arrived AFTER we ordered, getting their meals. -  - And still, I waited. -  - Finally, after over 30 minutes, and nearly having to yell to get her attention (she was delivering more food to people who came long after we ordered, right next to us), our server came over. -  - When we informed her that I did not receive my meal, and that my girlfriend's order was incorrect (onions and tomatoes present, despite a request to not have them), and instructed her to remove my meal, she just asked if I wanted it to-go. -  - When your service comes up so short as to completely miss a meal, you don't merely offer to make it to-go. -  - In fairness, when she brought the check, she stated she'd spoken to the manager, and he'd also removed my girlfriend's burger from the bill. -  - It was a nice gesture, but last night it was too little, too late. I went home hungry, with a major headache. -  - I love The Vig, but sometimes it's a major disappointment...	2012-03-27	3	4	8
mLYizRMNJUkTUTZ3LPw_WA	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	az6wRrL5Z7s_WjUkFnh92Q	4	Alright Bobby Flay, you have my approval.....  - I started with a goat cheese fondue which was fantastic, even though it only came with about a hand full of tortilla chips. My main course was the duck served with a corn and chorizo tamale and it was probably the best duck I have ever tasted. My margaritas were good, but I've had better for less than 12.00..... Overall, it was a very tasty meal.	2008-07-01	3	2	3
pcHoakXW7WFrWKkRS5ai7A	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	ie38wJhGTHqb3gx9DRuGug	4	Absolutely LOVE the ambiance - very romantic with the brick and stone and walls of wine. The fireplace and comfy seating make it very intimate. In my opinion, the best time to come here is for brunch. Yes, even on a Sunday nursing a hangover, the food, drink and decor can't be beat. Very reasonably priced mimosas and bloody's as well as some of the best breakfast items you could ask. My fave is the eggs benedict with thier Mexican twist - the carne adovada is also amazing and very satisfying. No skimping on the meat here, and it's not drowning in sauce - I have yet to finish a full plate of anything. Thier potatoes even get my mouth watering.   -  - Service was great the last time we went, but the first time we had to go up to the bar to remind the gal we were there. After that she was more than attentive and the food more than made up for it. I could linger here for hours and get in some serious trouble!  -  - Have not been to the downstairs area or had any other meal here, but can't wait to go back!!!	2011-05-09	0	0	0
0hIHmxJ3zcNy1SlHLXrnaw	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We kept seeing everyone check into this place and it had tons of reviews, so we knew we had to give it a go - and what a fun place! The line was really long when we walked in, but they whipped through it in no time and the woman taking the orders was really friendly and helped to make decisions since we were first timers and all.  She was very patient and answered all our questions (which we tried to keep short due to the line). -  - Now, the place itself is super eclectic and there is art and decor to look at no matter where you sit on the inside.  The porch was packed, so we weren't able to enjoy the nice day outside, but the inside isn't a bad backup at all.  We got to sit next to Marilyn Monroe on a pink couch that was comfy and the wood slate table is something I would put in my house in a heartbeat. -  - Our orders: me - a mocha with a crumb cake, his - vanilla latte with lemon cake.  We didn't realize until we were out of the line that they served full breakfast plates!  That'll happen next time for sure.  The coffees tasted great and the crumb cake was delicious.   -  - Overall: A - Fun and artsy with good coffee and pastries galore...yes, please!	2013-10-28	0	0	1
e19eDRXFsPDEkFvSJ9I29g	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	3	I don't get this place.  Hole in the wall atmosphere is awesome, food disappoints.  Waffles tasted like frozen waffles from the grocery store and the chicken was good but not very juicy.  Prefer El Pollo Loco.	2009-12-10	0	0	1
c1pOFQNMhjYUT7tkZQLLNA	eHN6eErehDXorUfE_u_rzA	oCvMeYROtvGBdzNDLFyh8Q	5	larger stores in phoenix, large selection of fresh meat and seafood and a great selection of microbrews	2013-02-17	0	0	0
mjgMi82fOWWl9CcroARAiw	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	dbBMn237w_qrN8_tBD9xLQ	3	My friends and I had heard that The Buffet at Bellagio was awesome so we had to try it out. -  - It was Sunday lunch/dinner when my friends and I came in. It was towards dinner time like around 4 when we decided to hit it up to eat lunch. No long wait in line so that is a plus. -  - They had prime rib for the main course (though I was still full at the time from lunch) and mainly I ate crab legs to get more bang for my buck. Initially, I was kind of disappointed that the crab legs were cold but later I found out that I can ask to get it steamed. Quite variety of foods though I was not in the mood to eat cuz I was still full. -  - Overall, main course and desserts was good. I thought Aria buffet was a little more upscale and more selections.	2011-10-30	0	0	1
FlgJs_gnzCpO_U-L0JGhtA	pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place! I love the Lost Leaf. It's rare that my husband and I ever get out without the kiddos, but when we do, Lost Leaf is almost always on the agenda. It's such a laid back vibe, we can't help but really enjoy ourselves. -  - I love that the music is in a different area so you're not so crowded when you sit down to have a drink. And for how small the place is, it's surprisingly roomy once you get inside. LOVE the art on the walls and the crowd is always great. I feel like the limited beer and wine menu keeps the frat boys out and the 'normals' in. Major perk. We usually have an Ace Pear, grab a table, and chit chat with all of our friends. I really love this place, I'm happy to see it flourish.	2011-12-30	0	0	1
WV8mnNx9HNbOjJzsN_6Tig	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	OUCZsZdb9PS5edTh_G0VrQ	5	Top quality steak. Had the domestic wagyu ribeye. It was delicious. I did sample a friend's wagyu skirt steak, which was really tender and juicy. Good appetizers and great service as well. Making myself hungry just thinking about it.	2014-04-05	0	0	0
Xm-pWwENEr79C8NA1mYduQ	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	y19XcMnE8xwmXCrC-bZrFA	5	Amazing food, drinks, and service. Mike was the server, pretzel fondue for an app, fried chix and pork belly Cuban for the meal. Best fried chix I have ever had. Five plus stars. Only thing that would make it better is if it was locally owned.	2011-11-28	0	0	0
Z4Xbz3PhaAVCJ3AzNVkXzQ	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	D3hUdL4X_yClz_LhVpMTfQ	5	Excellent.  Three good reviews that are more specific have been right on the mark and the lesser reviews were extremely picky. We got here at 545 and there was already a wait list, but the bar is accommodating and the meal was great, unique and delicious.	2013-11-29	0	0	1
_uEfZizJC3rVRouC_aDVlw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	7yN0N3S4ODEOdoFs19nVKQ	4	Ambience good.  very large, noisy inside. Entrance via Paris casino. Try the patio.  At night you get to see the Bellagio's water dance show while you eat.  They have outdoor heaters for the chilly nights. - Escargot - ok  have had better. - Lamb - good. Would not call it extraordinary but, good.  Split the dish. - Garlic spinach - very good. Not garlicky. Spinach was cooked just right. - Banana Crepe desert - very good. -  - Good value.  Looong wait, not much different from any other restaurant in casinos. Put our name at 8:30pm, got seated at 9:40 on a Monday.	2013-02-19	0	0	0
RnSo82prsEpa6ha4O4DBMQ	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	I've been to Serendipity several times during my various trips to Vegas. Its a great casual restaurant located right on the strip. It has a cute little whimsical vibe that simply makes me happy every time I come here.  -  - Serendipity is known for desserts, including frozen hot chocolate and the $1,000 golden opulence sundae. (Yes, $1,000... don't think I'll ever try that one unless I hit it big in the casino.) The frozen hot chocolate is very rich and tasty, and definitely a good thing to try while in the hot desert. During my most recent trip, my husband and I spilt the cookie sundae. The two of us together couldn't even finish it! Cookie dough ice cream mixed with three fresh baked cookies and topped with whipped cream and hot fudge... yum! -  - All of the food I've ever had here has been pretty solid as well. The triple decker grilled cheese is my favorite. It's so flippin' cheesy and gooey! I love it! The portions are all very large and can easily be split between two... especially if you're planning on dessert.  -  - I always look forward to my next trip to Vegas, and Serendipity has become one of those staples for me that make the trip so great and fun.	2014-07-01	1	0	1
EApVZ7gpMB4Tuy1zImsb0g	SsWoxazfkRznqvNcBX-hDw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	These optometrists are conveniently located right inside Lenscrafters.  If you are shopping for eyewear and need an rX they have walk in appts available, it may be a longer wait time though.  I scheduled mine via online thru Lenscrafters website. It was pretty easy. Very little wait time with scheduled appointments.  -  - Front office staff pleasant. Checking in was easy.Typed in my info at desk. Checked in 15 min prior to appointment got called in as soon as I filled out the paper work and paid for my registration fees.    -  - Pre-screen by assistant was eye opening..pun intended.  Opted to use the Otomap eye exam vs the traditional dilating your eyes with eye drops. So much faster, actually no wait at all, whereas the traditional way you have to wait 45 minutes MORE and have to deal with the side affects afterwards. The Otomap was so much easier and faster. No wait and no side affects after the exam. It's not covered under my health plan but the extra $ I paid was worth it for me. All you do is look at the little green dot thru the eye hole and a green laser flashes and takes a picture of your eye. Pretty painless procedure.  -  - The office was fairly busy for a Sunday afternoon.  I still had to wait for a room to become available  after the pre exam, so I killed time trying on eyeglasses on the LC side. By the time I was called and Doc came in the room was 10 minutes past sched. appt.  Not bad.   -  - Optometrist who did the exam today was really nice and my exam went by pretty quick. Wooo was I as blind as Mr. Magoo!  I appreciate that Dr. was respectful regarding me being in denial that Im getting old and in that age bracket that needs bifocals to read.  I didnt want to bother with it and opted for single vision lenses.  Got my rX and my Dr. led me out and got a rep from LensCrafters side to help me choose my eyewear.  Total time from check-in time/wait/and check out 30 minutes.	2013-02-26	0	0	1
CawnM8R3z8N4Zet8759sSQ	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	3	Went here last weekend, excited to get our Bull-gogi burger fix. Sadly, to our dismay, it is no longer on the menu!!! WHAT?!?! How is this possible?! It was so freaking delicious, with a fried egg, tender burger, and flavorful kimchi. And now it's GONE, just like that! =( -  - When we first came, it was even our server who made the recommendation for us to order this burger. Please, we beg of you, to bring it back! It is the sole reason we kept coming back in the first place! Ah we miss it too much! -  - Instead, I had to find something else on the menu, which was really difficult seeing that the decision to come here for dinner was only because I wanted to get the Bull-gogi again. I ended up getting the El Machete burger, which I don't recall being on the menu before (I believe the Bull-gogi was swapped out for this new burger). It was decent and the flavors melded well, but still wasn't mind-blowing enough for me to want to come back =(. Pooooo!!	2012-12-22	0	1	1
UvZww_9XfBh920FxsMoyDA	iQ7zpXQfcRE3Ld5tjMKzJQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Never can go wrong with their hip styles here! But out of all the H & M stores here in the Vegas valley, this is probably the smallest square footage wise Ive shopped at. Especially the guys department. The selection is more limited.   -  - Women and Children's departments are located on the second level of the mall near Dillards. Selection and sizes is pretty limited too, especially for casual/sportswear styles.  Still I manage to spend more than I wanted to, but second day open and they already were down to 1 brown faux leather biker jacket in stock. Darn it!  -  - Service: On sales floor - non existent upstairs..had to go to cashier area to have someone check their stock. Otherwise, sales clerks were helpful and friendly. -  - Typical long lines at register, but wait time is pretty short. Quality of clothes are hit and miss. Hey for $6 jersey skirts, no gripes from me. -  - FYI: I submitted an update to Yelp for business location. Address is 1300 Sunset Rd, Phone No 702 436-1640	2013-09-21	0	0	2
VM917enNn3HZcyLMvPn1tA	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	91e8Cg7Vqj7G5XEXK3uaYA	2	Based on the other reviews, I must have gone on an off night. -  - I didn't have the heart to give it 3 stars.  I figure, this is as close as I'm going to get to French Laundry for the time being and while the food was great, the service was horrible.  Our server gave far better service to the tables on either side of us.  We didn't bother to stay for dessert. -  - However, I'm willing to give it another shot. For breakfast instead of dinner...the decor and the atmosphere was great, but that combined with the food still didn't make up for the lackluster service.	2006-05-17	0	0	0
fLVJfpqotj-aAPZR_2i9Lw	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	U4jJRAu06Ya2yV-50kfPcw	5	You'll want to legalize immigration, for sure, once you try this food and salsas. The salsa bar brings strawberry, pecan, cilantro and other 8 or so collection of salsas to be savored with your basket of chips.  An array of hotness, so sweet, yes!  This food will make you question what the heck was that other Mexican food you once thought to be delicious.  This is true Mexico City cuisine.  -  - I've been to Mexico City and have tasted el sabor verdadero, now here in Phoenix, is a family owned restaurant that brings this authentic Mexican flavor to you and yours and you will say thank you its here.  Provecho! -  - Keep up the good work to be great Condesa!  Gracias.	2012-05-18	2	3	2
pui9L6G4qXSoV3SZDtzVNg	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	2	First of all, like everyone else, I've wanted to try this place. I've heard fabulous things about it but never had the chance to go. So about two months ago, my friend is staying at a casino across the street from Imperial Palace. She and her friends were craving breakfast food and not a buffet so I said we could try this place.  -  - I arrived and told the hostess that my friends were already in there. She told me, (and not even kindly), "We don't seat parties if they aren't all here, but you can check if they're in there." Well, they were seated and I joined them and we ordered our food.  -  - First of all, I give the food a 4 out of 5 -- Chris and I had the farmer's platter or whatever it was called and although it was good, there was just toooooo much of it. I think there's a difference between good and thinking something's good just because they put 5 pounds of food on your plate.  -  - Second, the service was second...no, wait...third rate. I have lived in Vegas for almost 10 years and seriously, I've had better service when Binion's Horseshoe had their steak and potato midnight special for $2.99. Drinks were not refilled in a timely manner and when asked for a refill, the waitress seemed annoyed.  -  - Third, this place was way too crowded and not enough servers. Come on now...I've eaten at the Cheesecake Factory and you're practically sitting on their neighbor's lap as you enjoy your meal with your dining patron and you still don't get the rudeness or the stress that you can sense from the waitstaff. This way not be their problem so then the management needs to get a clue.  -  - Fourth, as we were paying our bill, it took about 10 minutes for the waitress to come back. Upon arrival, she tells us that between the kitchen at our table, she "LOST" our credit card. So not only was she a bit on the rude side, the was obviously tied up doing several other things AND she loses my husband's credit card??!!? COME ON!!! There had to have been at least 200 people in the restaurant and anyone would've picked it up and taken it. About 5-7 minutes later, I guess someone turned it in to the hostess and the hostess tried to find the waitress to give it to her. My hubby then got it from the hostess and although the waitress did apologize, you could so tell that she apologized really to save face and get us out of there. After that, I wanted to take the tip we had left for her. Normally I'm not so mean, but my husband is a busser and he wouldn't be that rude to anyone!  -  - I give this place two stars because the food really was good, but just overrated. I do think it's worth a try...and maybe not the IP location. Maybe Sahara is different...and when the M location opens up, then they have a chance to prove me wrong. We'll see... -  - So Hash House a Go-go management at IP, if you want people to  pay way too much for pancakes, you can afford one more server or busser so your existing waitstaff isn't  running around forgetting people's orders, losing people's credit card or cutting people short to take care of others with a stressed out and uncaring attitude. 4 farmer's platters can pay a waiter's 4 hour shift and they'd provide better service so they can generate MORE money for your joint!	2010-09-17	0	0	1
lOwkGZq__ZWDJcXnulbIow	tI3J5jomrBs--n7r92186g	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	2	I was majorly disappointed at this DIMSUM place.  To read the reviews about this place and  my gf telling me it is good there...I was willing to go through the smoky smell of the casino just to have a taste of my favorite type of Chinese Meal. - The place was rather small.  I was expecting bigger.  So with a smaller place...there were less carts to go around and less choices.  It took a while before the chow mein came to the table and was not one of the choices on the cart.   - The custard bun was not filled with custard which disappointed my son.  - The othere dishes was ok and not even worth talking about much.   - They did not come around to see if we needed refills on our drinks.  My son actually had to go to the ladies in the front (cashier) to ask for refills.  -  - Overall our experience in PING PANG PONG was not good and so far my recommendations still to go to ORCHIDS GARDEN. -  - The price- outrageous!!!!  For what we were charged....I have paid for 3 people at Orchids.  -  - Atmosphere- mediocre. - Food-blah,dry, not much choices - Price-Outrageous - Reviews-overrated - location-sucky smelly casino to go through - service-sucky.not attentiveed.	2011-01-24	0	1	2
bFdyCeYhiLj1ozfofrU1zA	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	4	I'm from MOBILE, ALABAMA....nothing like spicing up the fresh crawfishes...I love Crawfish!!!! Cant wait for the season to start!  Pricing is kinda highin Vegas though....Downsouth you can get a pound already boiled and seasoned for $2.99...but it ok...its worth paying more when you are craving for 'em...=)	2011-03-01	1	2	2
mVQqh7s0CQEtT08BRw-T8Q	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	GQ8qDvEJxWRw7-zGhtgHbA	4	Vegas stop # 1 after we drove in from LA was to grab dinner here. Oh man, absolutely delicious! Started off with a cup of Franziskaner (for someone that doesn't super enjoy beer, it's great...really light, not bitter at all) and I tried something from the raw bar for the first time; a littleneck clam! Served on a plate of ice with cocktail sauce and malt vinegar with a line, it was so freaking good. -  - The menu had a carvery section that seemed to be their specialty and was the only thing that wasn't too cliche sounding (or crazy sounding), so I ordered the half pound of pastrami. The meat was so thick and delicious. By far, the best sauce was the black truffle mayo!! The horseradish sauce was alright too. -  - I want to say that the atmosphere kind of felt like the Yard House. Lights turned down really dim, TV screens all over the place, a bar in the center where people were milling around, slightly loud, but you could still talk to the people at your table without raising your voice.	2010-06-19	0	0	0
eJzGA491LBZlIeCqKVUGJQ	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Still one of the best breakfast spots in town in my humble opinion. Steve the manager, the whole staff (today we had April and she was still top notch)are all truly delightful people. There isn't much new to report other than you need to try this place out if you haven't yet. You will love the cozy atmosphere, great food and super friendly staff.	2011-05-01	3	0	1
pP3Bm2VXgMZKayuElY61vw	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	3	Mostly ham, cheese, and bread. Most of the other food I probably could cook my own self. =(	2010-10-10	0	0	0
m56lTS6efJXc53CVXpuUvA	XAWDT6cv5aADi-TG2rKyFw	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	4	While looking thru Yelp I found this nail salon and went in to check it out. It's clean, new, and filled with friendly staff. I went in needing a pedicure and there was no wait at all. They offer a small drink menu....which includes water, coffee, tea, etc & wine!!! All on the house. There is plenty of spa chairs for pedis in the back area and quite a few areas up front for nail services. It was $30 for a 40 minute pedi and includes hot rocks that were amazing!! I will be back for more pampering.	2014-05-28	0	0	0
KAz28QMvvFCFTKILvTO2vA	gHq5ZzOCvQ7-2pVCpORy6A	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	3	I don't know what it is...but over the years, I find this mall kinda boring. I have worked at four malls and two shopping centers in the 12 years I've lived in Vegas...the Galleria was the first mall I worked at and I loved it.  If I rated it back then, I probably would have given it all five stars nut as the years progressed, the mall didn't. I know some of it has to do with the actual economy (what isn't affected by the economy these days?) but to me, the mall seems to have lost its luster.  -  -    Maybe it's because I don't shop as much...or maybe I think certain shops are overrated...or maybe I've worked in retail long enough to know that most shops charge way too for their products. If you come from a small town where there is no mall, it's a great place because it has a little bit of everything. For me, since I'm a deal shopper, I rarely find good deals unless I'm at Kohl's with my coupon or find that special one-of-a kind-99% off-because-no-one-knows-what-price-it-is-so-they-guess deal at some stores like Macy's. -  -    Worth a trip if someone gave you a gift certificate to this place, or your significant other wins the jackpot and offers to take you shopping, want to be a mall-walker in the morning to lose weight/stay fit, people watch, window shop or waste time. I give it a 3 because wow...with the economy, I can always get good parking on the weekdays, it's simply "aight" and if I really just want to waste time, it's five minutes away from home!	2011-04-08	0	0	0
P9mkl__5Mrrbq01goC3NXQ	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	MK_RTQD7KIcvqLrTeE9bYg	4	As some people know, I'm not Bobby Flay's biggest fan. I find him to be an arrogant jerk, something I'm sure he's heard before so I don't particularly feel bad about saying it. We went to Mesa Grill.  -  - I know he's supposed to be known for his burgers and what not, so I ordered the Mesa burger, which came with seasoned fries. They bring a basket of bread to your table as you sit down, there's raisin bread, jalepeno bread and corn bread. I've been having a corn bread craving for a while and his was jam packed with jalepenos and corn, which is nice, but it lacked that buttery good moistness I'm used to in cornbread. The regular Jalepeno bread was yummy. I even tried the raisin bread even though I don't particularly care for raisins, it was good, nothing outstanding.  -  - Finally my burger came. And I was excited. The fries looked well seasoned, only to find out that they're really well seasoned in the middle of the bowl but as you moved outwards it became blander. And there was no salt and pepper on the table, I understand the reasoning that if it's cooked well you don't need salt and pepper. But I kind of needed salt and pepper.  The fries were crisp and had a great crunch. The burger itself was very juicy. Cheese, onions, spicy mustard on the side, ketchup also on the side, trying to get the condiments in was a hassle so I ended up dipping smaller pieces. Overall, good burger, hearty, filling, comforting. Can I get a better one for less than 16$, Absolutely.  -  - HOWEVER, I will absolutely give Bobby this, that his staff is fantastically trained. Our waiter went out of his way to take pictures of our table for us, going up to the rotisserie, taking pictures from the level above us, etc. It was very nice of him, he even offered us a free cappuccino after finding out we're college students (thus probably weren't going to order it anyway because of funds). He took really good care of us throughout our meal. So good job there, Bobby but might want to have a look see at your food	2012-03-11	0	0	0
s2o8cjXwjevz9nvfwNN7hQ	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	5	Fries well done are just awesome.	2009-04-14	4	7	4
g9YT3DOqslWC3lgyL139mg	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	2	More like 2.5 stars.  This place is ok.  Nothing special.  A bit pricey.   -  - Went here with my cousin and a bunch of friends on one of many Vegas trips.  My cousin was super excited because she had seen it on Rachel Ray.  I've never watched Rachel Ray, but if this is the kind of place she recommends, then I cannot trust her opinion. -  - This was another one of those "it's more about saying you've been there, rather than the food" type of places.  A lot of things on the menu sounded great.   -  got the Chicken Enchilada Omelet.  It was ok. - I forgot what my girlfriend ordered, but it sounded fantastic on the menu.  It was ok. - My friend ordered pork chops and eggs.  Looked great.  He said it was ok. - My cousin and her hubby ordered whatever it was that Rachel Ray had ordered.  She was spouting off about how great it was, but honestly, it didn't even look that good.  Her enthusiasm seemed forced. - The other members of our party weren't very pleased with their breakfasts either. -  - This place is only open until 2 pm.  So you better get there early.  Don't worry about me holding up your table though, because I won't be back.  I'll be at Blueberry Hill, on Flamingo Rd., enjoying a very good breakfast for about half the price.	2009-09-04	0	0	0
8M5lnbRMG2CVxe6zj2Ql2A	ToSm1CIH3xgaedt63f3FCQ	M1yfwtBL6MrYiLE_ddMZQg	5	Love this nail salon! I get gel nails and pedicures here and both services are absolutely wonderful. My gel manicure lasts for at least 3 weeks, no chipping, breaking, etc, and I work in the restaurant industry so I am constantly washing my hands and it still lasts! Definitely worth the money! The pedicures are also amazing, rose petals and lemon slices in the water where your feet are soaking, hot stones and great massages as well, its so relaxing! The staff is very friendly, always willing to go above and beyond to treat their customers wonderfully! Highly recommended!!	2014-01-28	0	0	0
JL58rR5GF1p9J-BTssqtmg	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	Pq7F4Jmju5zxi8v03Yjp-w	4	Huge selection of bottled beer and a good selection of draught as well. The build a burger menu was a bit overwhelming. However the smaller selection of chef's burgers provided a number of choices without all the planning. The classic "wedge salad" is always good to see on a menu and this one is quite well done. My American Classic burger was cooked perfectly but arrived a bit soon after the salad and the bun was overly soggy. Still, a great choice for beer and burgers.	2013-04-17	0	0	0
qp-ds1bzhQim_mDWgvXeRQ	IRYj1b1-mlXqABVsl9SoqQ	n3qwZp4LVzijrNFvBqIDtA	5	This place is great. Amazing quick food. Nice people. Additionally it was a treat to eat at a great place in Las Vegas and not pay ridiculous prices.	2014-01-31	0	0	0
m5ss1of5Z--E8WwGzH0gjQ	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Been hearing all about Holsteins and the all natural, hormone free premium beef they use for their burgers so you know I just had to see what this higher end burger joint was all about. -  - My burger was Kobe Beef glazed in Teriyaki sauce and topped with Furikake, and crispy yam that were shaved into long thin ribbons..I did take a picture but the photo turned out too dark. The burger was real lean, no dripping grease, but lacking in the seasonings for my taste.  I did like it but just the burger by itself was a just a bit bland for me. Mr.B  approved the Longhorn burger.  It was their beef burger with beef brisket.   -  - Also a winner was the Crispy Pork Belly Buns in the Little Buns (aka sliders) section.  The buns were pressed Chinese buns. The pork belly skin was crisp and the meat was tender.  I was very pleased with the hoisin sauce that topped it. Mildly sweet and a good complement for the pork belly.  -  - Servings were big..and so were the prices, but well worth the expense. Ambiance wise, casual although the front lobby area is really LOUD.  I couldn't hear even myself talk! Nor anyone else for that matter. I don't know how their hostesses handle repeating themselves all day long.  Our servers were did great for being super busy that evening. The quoted wait time to be seated was 15 minutes, but we didn't wait that long at all.  -  - They have some fun booze shake flavors but I wasn't in the mood for it since I already had my fill of sweets earlier in the day. Most definitely will come back and make it a point to try them since this place is a keeper for our lunch dates.	2012-12-27	5	1	3
isMuQAjXO7dN39qgPac4-A	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	uZetl9T0NcROGOyFfughhg	3	Culinary Dropout is perfect for people watching and trying new drinks.  -  - This review is based off two visits.  -  - My first experience at C.D. was just to meet a girlfriend for drinks the opening weekend. The place was packed with the typical 'Dale crowd - I was prepared for this. It was very hard to get a bartender's attention. It was almost that they didn't see beyond those seated in a bar stool. My girlfriend and I had to go to the service well to get noticed and although the servers were probably annoyed, that's the only way we could get served. The drinks were good, pours were a bit on the weak side, but the atmosphere was great. Live music starts at 9pm or so.  -  - My second experience at C.D.:  -  - A few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try about three weeks after it opened on a rainy Saturday evening. Of course we knew to get there early so we wouldn't be waiting too long for a table. We arrived at 6pm and were quoted 30 minutes for a table. An hour later, I stopped the manager and asked him if he knew how much longer it would be until we got sat and he came back with menus in hand. We were sat at a round table with great big, comfortable chairs right in the middle of the dining room. We were quite comfortable and understanding of the long wait - especially because no one was opting to sit on their heated, yet damp patio.  -  - For an appetizer, we started with the delicious pretzels with cheese fondue. Deli-sh! I prefer mustard, but tasted the cheese and it was great. There was enough cheese for dipping the french fries that came with the meal.  -  - The entree menu is full of food that I would consider to be comfort food - choices that you know you may regret eating after you inhale the delectable food. I opted for the Turkey Pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun as suggested by the helpful manager that took us to our table. I, by far, had the best meal of my girlfriends. Two girls split a burger and salad (the burger meat tasted very fattening and "meaty" to me) and our other girlfriend tried the Prime Rib sandwich, which was tasty and a huge sized portion.  -  - Overall, the food was good - but nothing too great. Our service was fantastic, once we got sat. The bussers were definitely cute as well. I would suggest Culinary Dropout as a place to see and be seen and for drinks. You can skip the food unless you really want to sit. The bar stools are hard to come by.	2010-03-03	1	0	1
ofWplD58WncM52i3Ap_jCA	AcBXW-uhOftCVHxX8qng8g	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	3	I feel terrible needing to leave this update but it has to be done - 5 star for the Skin Care services- Brooke is awesome- get a facial and brow shape from her! - for the nail services 1 star. I made an appointment weeks ahead of time, and still wasted 2 hours at this place. I did end up getting my pedicure which was done really nicely but the whole experience felt cramped and uncomfortable. I felt like I was in the way. I had to have my gel mani done at the make-up table because there was no mani table available. Lisa, my nail tech recommended a color for gels, turns out it wasn't a color, it was clear. I wanted an opaque, matte, very light color, but they did not have anything other than glitters, bright colors and reds. I think every nail salon should have something more subdued as an option. I proceeded to feel even more uncomfortable when we tried to call the manager and it was done on someone's cellphone which had no service. I could have stepped outside I guess to use the cellphone but it was freezing out and really I just wanted to get out of there. Lisa was really trying her best with what they had and I felt terrible because she really tried so hard and was nice and didn't make me pay for any of the services. After leaving I went somewhere else to have my mani done because lisa soaked and scratched off the clear gel polish and my nails were left scratched and pretty damaged. lisa really tried so hard and if circumstance was different i'm sure it would have looked great. -  - The nail techs need a better space and more variety in color options for your guests. Also work on your scheduling because it really felt my time was not respected. I wasted 2 hours there and left with only a pedicure and an unfortunate attempt at a manicure. As of right now, still waiting for you to figure it out on nail services but definitely plan on coming back again to see Brooke for a facial.	2013-11-29	0	0	2
fPiVa7JhreZrzCg_BMQUHA	C2FC_hsVG4rupRESeUnrcA	dO9Pf-g1xWJMrPnp3fDtHQ	5	Shauna is incredibly supportive and encouraging. She has such a bright and shining personality you want to do your best for, because she is always gives you her best. She is also incredibly committed to making sure that you are getting the most out of your experience, and will be there for you to learn from, seek advice from at any time. She is one of the most well rounded trainers with all her knowledge about diet and nutrition, massage therapy and exercise. I would recommend her to anyone that wants to get in shape, have a great time, and feel extraordinarily cared for.	2011-12-02	1	0	1
_3fEUwfqCPkNjicAWypeDA	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	PQA3Y6mgzvGQt5WrvLeccg	2	At least the sweets were good...	2010-11-22	0	0	0
1GRYuXcIcZJaY0pet3PIXA	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	Ypf6swh5xxi65qS0SiR6jA	5	Hands down the best burger I have EVER had.  I always have a weekly In-N-Out craving, but after having this I was able to not eat fast food for a month.  (Not a joke). -  - But, on to the specifics.  I came here with 3 other people, and I had "Mr. Ho's Burger."  When I first bit into it (and I'm not kidding when I say this), my eyes rolled back like the girl in the Exorcist movies.  Oh man.  There's only one other feeling that's better than this. (I think you know what it is, so that's why I won't say it.  Plus, I might get in trouble for it).   -  - If you're ever in the area, you NEED to try this place.	2013-11-10	1	2	1
k4Hi2Eh1Ty0LclU1CEfiSQ	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	wJv-7qPE2Knmy9OZDCpmEA	3	Too much hype, in my opinion. The place was fun and busy! I really did have a good time here, but I honestly felt like I've had much better burgers before. I love their creativity though! I'll still come here again, but it isn't the best I've ever had.  -  - I ordered the oxtail fries with my family. This dish was the restaurant's saving grace for me. These fries were crisp and the chili was tasty and meaty! Sooooo incredibly good, but fries aren't supposed to be what makes a burger place.  -  - I got the Kalbi Burger. I ordered my kimchi on the side since I wanted to avoid it overpowering my burger. I'm glad I did because that kimchi was disappointing to me. Their kimchi is too sweet in my opinion, not up my alley. The burger was alright. I really liked the soft bun, but the patty was just okaye. What I was impressed with were the size of the burgers, since all the pictures make the burgers look smaller than they really are. I was really full after I finished, but it was just an okay burger to me. Maybe everything just didn't come together for me because in writing this review, I feel like the burger sounds special and promising, but that's not really what I was left feeling. -  - The service was nice though! Every one was very quick to pick up any trash. The place was very clean even though it was so busy.  -  - Eh, give it a try for yourself. It is worth a try.	2014-04-12	2	0	4
ESanWojH1UzafM4_8pynTg	3MmHmJXr8Ltk_Z5EGE4KUw	hf1sMYNHOxisdUlakvYKQA	3	this place is pretty amazing.. best oysters ive had yet..	2013-04-16	0	2	0
UO7By4L9l_wgEyNaE2j08w	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	1	Nope nope nope nope nope. -  - The coffee might be good and the decor may be trendy -  - HOWEVER BEWARE!!! -  - HUGE "hip-ster" crowd. -  - I've never been so amused in my life!! -  - The crowd, huddled over their laptops mostly "pretend" to be working on them while others scoff at why one wears a Fruit of the loom T-shirt instead of an American Apparel.  -   - Snotty, snobby and downright disgusting "wool cap" wearing crowd who act like wanna be (but can't afford to be) Californians jam the place tight. -  - But, not my problem that your not "understood" or more obvious unemployed. -  - If you're looking to go to be "seen" having a cup of coffee I recommend Starbucks on Robertson here in Los Angeles, at least there it's okay and expected. -  - And you can do all the "freelance" work you want YIPPPEEEE!	2009-01-10	10	12	11
r8u9Q_DMvY2W5ShqHFqxVg	8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ	kKGAwfjKy4Gx1lYDDH7jTA	4	My boyfriend and I stayed here recently on a mini Christmas get away. We arrived after 5 on Wednesday the 27th and found the front desk staff friendly and helpful. I'm not sure about the other reviews mentioning terrible service, but every front desk staff person we encountered couldn't have been nicer. -  - That first night, we couldn't figure out how to turn on the hot tub, one of the front desk guys without even asking, brought us pool towels and turned the spa on for us. Awesome service in my book, especially when I don't have to ask. -  - Our room was on the 3rd floor and was the perfect size for the two of us. We only stayed two days, but we would stay here again.	2011-01-01	2	1	3
kG_ZzN3zLrxzj95vMnuq-Q	N50HceZf1595UtU867u4uQ	EwuY1PA3d_CwXyfHkwowTg	5	My husband and I were walking through Mandalay Bay and we happened to walk by Fleur de Lys. We stopped to browse the menu and noticed a monitor nearby showing clips of Hubert Keller competing on Top Chef Masters. Being big fans of the show we were instantly sold. The big pull for us was the fact that prix fixe menu came with the ability to order wine pairings. I wish all restaurants did this, seriously. We canceled our reservation at Aquaknox to make room in our foodie itinerary to eat here.  -  - We both ordered the Elegance prix fixe with wine pairings. Each course came with a half glass of wine. We also received a sparking rose immediately after ordering which was a great way to start off the evening. (I should note that there is a less expensive prix fixe called Top Chef Masters but the menu did not indicate that there was a wine pairing option available.)  -  - I was extremely happy with the food here as was my husband. I highly recommend ordering the wine pairings with the prix fixe as the sommelier is truly talented at choosing wines that enhance the flavors of the food. For each course there is a choice of 2 to 3 dishes and my husband and I chose a wide variety of dishes. We each drank completely different wines as a result and got to enjoy the flavors of twice as many dishes. It was great!!   -  - We did notice another couple there sharing a prix fixe so if you are on a budget I am sure its not a problem. There is a small lounge in the front that has a tapas menu. If we didn't eat in the restaurant we probably would have considered a few cocktails and tapas in the lounge.  -  - This place is not for rowdy groups. Almost every single party was a couple on a date and the place was pretty mellow. There was a group of loud, drunk businessmen at the table next to us and I could tell every party nearby was really annoyed with them for disturbing the rest of us.  -  - One funny thing I noticed is that they play live music at across the way. It was like a Rock Band tribute band over there starting at about 10pm. We could tell the hosts were trying very hard to make sure the door stayed closed since the sound was very loud. I didn't mind, but others might find the music disturbing. We were there on a Saturday so they might not have the music during the week or for those dining early.	2010-01-16	1	1	1
MeWcxICPjiuJan605p__og	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	EVoRHbVjBj6jyQS0wbHxTA	4	Came here for a slightly late lunch on a Monday. There were maybe about 2 other tables besides us. We got the Buddha fresh rolls which came out really quick after we ordered it. I got the char kway teow, my bf the nasi goreng. Both are really good and the portion is big. It fed us for both lunch then later dinner.	2013-07-30	0	0	1
PWYiSkAjHiZGE_ddXuYySA	yEcd-Tu1gHDu6mruYkpVqg	iPh_cpXcsif7F5cU8s1bqg	5	i gotta agree wit all the other reviews here...the BOX is the best place ive ever gone to for a wax. the interior design is awesome--def something different. the only thing that was uncomfortable was going on all fours but Erin tried to do it as fast as she could to make it less embarrassing. they make u feel really comfortable here which i appreciated cuz getting a wax by someone u jus met is awkward enough. they even give u a cup of this soothing gel to put on after...def appreciated that :)	2011-05-24	1	1	1
wG6n8Gtahg-NqSEHkoqoRQ	dt5kCN2U26W1OKKnDWfORA	xILtLiNFntJ68NZ0YcGM0w	1	The customer service here could be a lot better. The guy who helped me, Marcus, was not that helpful at all. He didn't seem like he wanted to come into work today. He didn't smile or act professional. He actually didn't look like he knew what he was doing.  -  - I came here for one simple thing and that simple thing was not fulfilled. Terrible service and disappointing visit. Definitely going to a different AT&T tomorrow.	2014-07-05	0	0	2
oCSyosK4EGTNnp897_vWvw	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	At the end of a walkway hall with records is some hidden pizza. This place has no signage and is located on the 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan. It's hidden... yet tons of people seem to be able to find this place and devour their pizza. Proof that if you offer something good, people will find you.  -  - I came here with my friend after watching Rose. Rabbit. Lie. I had one drink there... but it was sooo strong that it made me feel sick and I was in some dire need of some quick comfort food to ease my tummy. -  - We looked for this place on the signs... none of which says Secret Pizza anywhere... so I looked on my trusted Yelp for clues. Like I said initially,  it's located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's in a corner... but if you spot the pool tables (which are easily visible) the wall of records leading to Secret Pizza is right in front of it.  -  - The hallway is not too long... but it feels very exclusive/secret at you have to walk this hallway to get to it. Lol. The pizza place itself is very small with very few seats. My friend and I beat the crowd because we were able to get seats and have no line, well, only 2 people in front of me. After I got my pizza and came back to my friend who was saving seats... the place was packed! Even just standing it was packed! -  - Anyways, as far as it being just one slice of pizza... the price was okay. I'm used to Costco's $2 slices haha. Here, they have pizza with the red sause (tomatoe) or white sauce. A cheese slice is $4.50, white is $5, or red with toppings is $5.50. I had a red slice with pepperoni,  sausages,  and mushrooms. The pizza was good!! Very tasty and the crust was cripsy. I loved it! A nice warm cheesy, crunchy, savory,  and tasty bite each time. The slices are pretty big... so for $5.50 it wasn't too bad! Of course I ate the whole slice and my stomach was satisfied. So glad we came here and got some pizza to counter the alcohol I was carrying in my stomach. It was the perfect counter to drinking in Vegas. Just beware that the slices are pretty greasy... so if you're worried about that, use napkins to soak up some before you eat! -  - Service here was nothing special. Not good, not bad. Seating is bar style on 2 walls... but there's only like 5 chairs I saw? Definitely not enough for everyone to sit... the rest of your party will have to stand... ot take it out to the pool table area where there are a few couches around. Chili and permeasean cheese are out at the bar area along with napkins. They also have a pinball machine here! I'm not sure if it works as I didnt notice anyone playing it. -  - This place is open all nigh, and late night too. So it's perfect after a night out in Vegas of drinking, dancing, partying. Its hidden.... but if all the stumbling drunk people can find it, then you can too!! 3rd floor of Cosmopolitan hotel near the pool tables... just follow the wall of records!	2014-04-07	1	1	1
Nf1mACbMXM63hnBQ-jAAlg	-KZC-59mP5Kcr52Zk7W89w	pefVcILrG0JCD6YeS37s6Q	5	Abel, Victor, and especially Ismael have been my barbers. They are all great craft men and good to talk to and get to know. I would definitely make a stop here if you want a good haircut. I have actually been spoiled as a result of having these guys as a resource. I could NOT find a good barber in Austin, only in Houston and now that I live in Florida I think I finally found a good one here.	2014-01-15	0	0	0
zKP8qK37Vwl7tFEzySXeag	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	7QoVSUFs0Me_wVjZV1C9lQ	5	Wow this place is sooo amazing. Well at the time I ate it, I was blown. away. Full montague and the original makes a good lunch! (Not the hugest of sandwiches, unfortunately.) Had the carribean jerk flavored one which I also enjoyed ahhh warm bread. -  - Not a fan of the lines though.	2013-09-13	0	0	0
JAShpSBDvT8llm4hE6ovyg	zKFX8BVTWYZNa2vJ46UdmQ	HslReRAnURM1qrOTT0kZ5w	3	The circular design makes for a sort of mall purgatory where one must cycle past the same background endlessly. If you can remember which door you came in, you escape to the next level. -  - Quick tip: If you go to the information booth, you can get an out-of-towner coupon book. 98% of these are pretty worthless, but there's one coupon for a buy one get one free IMAX ticket. It's a pretty good value if you want to take a girl to the mall to watch a shark documentary on a gigantic screen.	2007-05-25	3	3	3
n838EO5KDcb8zUSju4Szdg	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	3	Upscale and slightly more expensive I would compare it to Hagan's in the Pacific Northwest or Foodland in Hawaii. -  - The aisles are wide and the store is really clean. We were even able to find some poke here (which wasn't too bad). The lady behind the counter was also from Hawaii. She was like, "Eh, wea u frum?" Funny how everyone changes up from proper mainland English to pidgin once they think they see Locals. So we struck up a nice pidgin conversation with her.  -  - Anyway, we found most of the stuff we needed to make dinner that night here. The poke was a bonus. -  - There's plenty of parking out front.	2010-08-24	0	1	0
puPxdMT0smFfQfkDwMopgA	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	4	Hanny's is cool.  The look and feel of Hanny's is sleek and sophisticated.  Concrete, marble, leather/ vinyl, and glass make up the surroundings.  I am quite comfortable in Hanny's among the edgy materials. -  - I started the evening with a champagne cocktail, the Bellini.  There are four or five choices.  I did enjoy it.  I ordered the Roast Beef for my main dish.  I was a good sandwich.  I actually enjoyed the garnish more than the sandwich.  It was a simple salad with Gorgonzola.  Delicious. -  - The pizzas at Hanny's are great.  Paper thin crusts and fresh toppings make for good eating.  I can eat a whole pizza myself and still walk out the front door. -  - The DJ is always spinning the coolest house.. -  - Take your time at Hanny's, enjoy the great cocktails and good food.  Lounge for a while.	2009-10-30	0	0	1
LBKnXTk1CgyKcqs_pFdchw	fZWVI2Bjk6wJoRUB0s4Pzg	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	Ahh! I went here one day and took a whole 2 hours to go back again! This place was great! I found curtains for my house for a whopping 12 bucks!! (for both panels) And books, games, the whole shebang! Yeah, I agree with Jessica on wanting to save this little secret of mine.. but man oh man! I spent so many hours at antique stores and totally neglected the real deal! Definitely recommended.. or not recommended... if you're going for any size 6s!	2009-10-06	3	2	4
dXZrmLsEzFR7RljXETqoTg	5FLRsYrT6w2VSDvQDhphXg	q1ney-OWJq8XvWzN9gLlDA	4	During my stay at Vegas, I told my BF we had to eat at a "fancy" restaurant. This is what he picked. I don't know if this is fancy to other people, but this was way fancier than we normally eat. -  - We arrived a bit early (about 5:20 - they open at 5:30) and was asked if we had a reservation. A bit odd to me, since we were there right when (or before) it opened so why would we need a reservation? Anyways, 15 minutes later, we were seated in the "outside" of the restaurant. Basically, we were still part of the hotel except that a wall-like structure with holes were separating the people walking in the hotel from us. I was slightly disappointed, as I really wanted to get away from "being in a hotel." Why couldn't we sit inside? Was it because we looked way too young? Or because we didn't have a reservation? -  - Appetizers: Mushroom puree soup (special) for me, calamari for him. - Entrees: Fruitti de mare linguine for me, Spaghetti with Kobe Beef meatballs for him - Dessert: A trio of gelato for me, a trio of sorbet for him. -  - Soup didn't look that great, but it was very delicious! Those were some fancy mushrooms. Calamari was about expected. I LOVED my seafood linguine and those Kobe Beef meatballs were the best I've ever tasted. Our waiter surprised us for the flavors of our desserts: pistachio, vanilla bean, and chocolate for me; raspberry, chocolate, and something - I forgot - for him. I didn't expect to like the pistachio at all - but I really enjoyed it. -  - One note - all they serve is wine. So it's either wine or water. -  - Overall, the food was awesome, and if I had the chance, I'd come back (:	2010-09-11	0	0	0
KG00Y7zJQRY85Cr3eJCd0A	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	P1WRiLuT7C7Yb-yt0nXk_A	5	I absolutely love this place, and recommend it to everyone I know. I haven't had a meal I didn't love, from the tri tip to the St Louis ribs, hot links, BBQ shrimp... Goodness. Go get the two meat combo with any sides and be prepared to count the hours until you can go back. Also, don't miss the biscuits and apple butter.	2013-12-29	0	0	0
uns-gjIPnwYFfiZHnwhGsg	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	G027C4DLWV-9CAZKy5wbsg	5	This place has it all! Great ambiance, great food, and a friendly wait staff. When we first saw it, it seemed like it would be a long wait but they buzzed us about a minute later. I had the prime-rib special and it was delish!!!! My friends ordered steak from medium to well-done and each was said to be perfect!  -  - Aside from the food, the place has nice soft lighting, great for romantic dates or just out with friends. The wait staff was very attentive and often checked in with us... he also chatted a little with us so that was nice as well.  -  - Great place!	2011-01-18	0	0	0
D8FdCafa-zOcwwkyvww8Mg	MN0OLvP8i0SirMJ7AMuMzA	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	4	I'm the type of person that likes to plan out my meals before I go away on a trip.  I also like to peruse daily deal sites to see whats new and different in the area.  I am so over the Las Vegas Buffets so when I saw a Living Social Deal for this place, I scooped it up.  It was 29.00 for any antipasta, any pizza( except the 33.00 NY pizza) and one beer.  I had an additional living social coupon so I paid 24.00.  We also don't drink so we got a soda instead.  We also got a Caesar salad( 10.00) instead of an antipasta.  That was no problem.  My wife is from Milwaukee, the home of the best cracker crust pizza, so that's what we ordered.  It was a very thin crust pizza, but I wouldn't call it a cracker crust.  It didn't have that "snap" that a cracker crust has.  Nevertheless, it was a good pizza and so large.  We took a lot of it home.  The cracker crust pizza is cut always cut in squares.  -  - I really love the concept, numerous different styles of pizza at one restaurant.  Next time, I'm going to try the margarita and the NY pizza.	2014-05-27	0	0	1
jxGuwenQ1Z4vgStVaspQmA	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	4ktUJ5frLvX32YZPrvDH4g	5	Lolo's is the result of vision, and putting your heart and soul into painting that vision on the canvas of reality. From the moment my wife and I walked in, we were immersed in the soul food vibe. From the kind hostess, to the music playing softly enough to hear, but still enjoy a conversation, to the walls covered in murals of family portraits, all the way to the food... Oh my, the food. Southern fried chicken and waffles, grits, collard greens, and sweet tea in a mason jar. As I ate, all I could think was, "Thank you, Jesus." The ONLY thing that was a little disappointing was the catfish, a little too thin and a little too dry. But the rest of the experience made it a single drop of rain on a sunny day. If you're ever in Phoenix and you love soul food, do not wait as long as I did to experience Lolo's.	2013-04-10	1	0	1
jrvokov5fuX95J5BiE6m0A	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	2	I had a comped meal buffet here. - This is your typical las vegas buffet. But considering this is MGM GRAND, I really expected better...everything was dry and tasteless. The variety wasn't very appealing. -  - The service was good though, that was about it.	2012-06-22	0	0	2
RBOSMVgkaeQ44C1YXi9xsg	-YYlBL2gDXXIahbkayglvw	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	5	I've been to Teres a few times for Mani/ Pedis. This past week I got super lucky and they were able to fit me in after a terrible experience elsewhere which had left my nails all scratched up and ugly. Lacy was wonderful, they had the exact color I wanted and so many options that I think it would be impossible for them to not have what someone is looking for. I will definitely continue coming here for all of my manicures from now on. I'm not as sold on the pedicures because I really miss the massage chairs you get at other places as opposed to Teres' bench like seating over the pedicure sinks, but overall this place really is a gem.	2013-11-29	0	0	1
_vF74UonzRefXwsLkxqrpw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	91e8Cg7Vqj7G5XEXK3uaYA	1	I totally agree with Andrew W. on this one.  The food was just not up to par for the price.  The service was great - our server was hospitable.  Our only complaint on the service was that we waited forever to get the bill in order to pay.  -  - To get the reservation was a feat in itself.  We were near the restaurant so we went to the host stand to make reservations for the next day.  We were told to go through the Caesars Dining Reservation System, which practically wanted us to sign our life away before giving us the reservation.	2006-05-17	0	0	0
dXGcZNz8maDUl41i8wMhJg	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	3	very vast selection of beer. A++ - all their food portions are huge. - their pot roast pot pie was to die for!!! - all of my friends got their sliders which were superb too. - only thing to complain about is the attention of the service which was very inattentive.  - it's right next to Aria though, so you can go play some slots while your waiting for the food.	2011-10-12	0	0	0
oOUpBcRmerN5Eb6AkGp2wA	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	D3kBC-5fPND_rnKIidrvLA	1	not sure why this place has so many decent reviews. - the 1 star just goes to the sangria and that is it. - food was not memorable, food was not appetizing to eat or to look at. - service was horrible... - do not come here........ i came here because i was told its a good local spot..... but stick to the strip with all the amazing chefs at the hotels....	2010-09-14	0	0	0
qAxKVdfsGX04kNyOOGeUvg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Bummer! So I've been having a hard time deciding if Bacchanal buffet at Caeser's or this buffet was the winner... It seems like each time I go to either one, it's just too hard to decide! -  - Anyways, based on my most recent experience here, I've come to the conclusion that this buffet is very good still... but Bacchanal buffet is the clear winner. I've been here numerous times... at least 5 or 6... and it seems like it was never as good as it was when I first tried it. Now, that may have been because it was all new and the concept of how they served things was new in the buffet world... but now that more places are doing the same thing - those individual sized servings, the food here seems to have gone down in quality.  -  - The last time I went was the last time I went to Vegas, just this past January. The food selection is not as vast as Caeser's... and unfortunately, some of the food I had was not as hot or fresh as it should have been. I think part of that problem is that a lot of hungry customers have been venturing out to other buffets and so the turnover of food as not what it used to be and so the food sits out longer... Don't get me wrong, much of the food here still tastes very good... but it didn't have quite the wow factor of Caeser's. The prime rib here was very yummy though. Very juicy and tender! -  - The good thing here is that the prices are much better than at Caeser. It's less than $40 for dinner compared to over $50 at Bacchanal over at Caeser's. The place is still very clean and the decor is very nice. I've always have nice servers that are attentive and work hard. It seems like they have thrown out lunch here altogether and it's either brunch or dinner. They do have a 2 hour period here between the meals which is apparently their "happy hour". I have never gone to that, so I do not know what that means for a buffet... unfortunately, it seems like you cannot go here for lunch in hopes of getting dinner food instead because of this "happy hour".	2014-03-28	0	0	0
GuzwXCbYD8MpHrrpTiykcA	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	5	This place is soo delicious! My fianc and I were having a conversation about not being able to find a place that has healthy but delicious and inventive/creative food and than she stumbled upon an add in a local paper talking about this place! We couldn't find the location at first because neither of us were familiar with the area but after a turn around we got there :) and boy was it worth it! The aPOLLO fries are to die for! And the menu has so many amazing options. I highly recommend "The Slow Boat to China" and the "TBLT." And if you don't want to eat healthy you can try they're "happy" menu which I didn't try but looks just as tasty. Seriously, this place is a must!	2013-10-04	1	0	0
Vk6rQa9NGeBLZMgEmHCusA	CPaFYTecafyEqrmmI34ZBw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	This location is a standard one for the chain and has plenty of options for arts, crafts, home decor that is already prepped, and fun kid activities. It was clean and relatively well organized considering the recent holiday season and the changing of the merchandise from holiday to Valentine's Day / Spring.   -  - My only real complaint with the chain is the lack of staff availble to answer question or give advice while shopping.  Normally the only workers you will see are at the frame counter in the back or the cashier at the front.  Both of these employees are almost always handling a line of some kind and are unable to answer anything unless you wait in line to ask it. This location is no exception to this rule - there were two workers that we saw in the store - both happened to be cashiers this go around and both had a line. -  - Overall: B - I love the variety of options - I feel that they are less expensive than other crafts stores locally, but if you don't know where something is, or you need advice on a project - you're on your own.	2014-01-06	0	0	1
fDXOxopUM-jZcThEvaaYVQ	UyKNaZFGA3p63UM7esDAsg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	5	I'm a very picky person and hard to please.  I checked out other OBGYN offices and I wasn't satisfied with any of them until I stumbled upon Brenda Martin and her office.  When I first called to make an appointment, unlike other offices that asked if I was sure I was even pregnant, Dr Martin's office gave me a great big congratulations on the phone.  They sounded interested in me and everything I had to say, they scheduled my appointment quickly and sent me all the information I would possibly need to help navigate the overwhelming times. -  - When I got into their office, it was clean, the staff was prompt, friendly, and they had all my insurance information worked out. Don't get me started on the number of places I was told I was contracted with and ended up receiving huge out of network bills being told it was my fault.  Not with Shea Women's care, they are amazing. -  - I was terrified my first visit, but this office made it smooth sailing and turned it into a great experience.  Most of my questions were answered before I even asked them, I loved the convenience of the ultrasound tech being in office, and it was just an amazing experience all around. -  - All I can say is I hope Dr Martin stays with Shea Women's Care for a long time to come.  It's hard to find a great and caring doctor plus a friendly and knowledgeable staff all rolled in one.  She, and her office, have got me for life.	2013-10-28	0	0	2
IYn_bLGb3hKeBlkboZfWJw	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	bOlWtp4Fe5cWnPcECTWAAA	4	It doesn't get more authentic Japanese than Ichiza. I've been going to Ichiza for over 5+ years and two things remain constant: - 1. during rush times, there is a long wait - 2. the food is always delicious. -  - Try the sweet corn which is an appetizer of  creamy, cheesy corn kernels on top of a crispy chip. Other favorites: baby bok choy, jalapeo fried rice, kimchi, ika (squid), shrimp tempura bowl, salmon sashimi, salmon onigiri, and everyone's favorite honey toast! -  - I was sad to hear it was closed by the snh (http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2014/07/03/japanese-favorite-ichiza-shut-down-by-snhd.php) and I was saddened even more to hear that this isn't the first time Ichiza was closed. I hope they realize that they have a lot of fans and they clean up those demerits. As a note, I've never gotten ill or sick from food at Ichiza and once they reopen, I'll be back!	2014-07-08	1	1	1
swJWWUmldI937W9RTrAfoQ	I5xBrzmTIUKHlj01JU6Z5w	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	5	Snow Nails has only gotten better with the new management! -  - I love it before and I love it more now. She seems to be doing a great job with others as well since she has bee REALLY busy the last two times I was there.  -  - Give her a shot.	2014-04-21	0	0	0
kwShSI54mLxpwN_q2mHhrg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	6wLZTaa7ZQzxPRllzuzLJw	5	I have to confess I was skeptical about coming here because I thought it might be one of those places that's really famous because it was featured on Man v. Food but doesn't live up to the hype. I am pleased to report that this place definitely lives up to expectations. -  - First, if you're looking at this review I'm guessing it probably won't be news to you that the portions are HUGE. Seriously, HUGE. The plates are more like dinner platters that you'd see in a buffet. Lots of people seem to order the MvF featured item: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I did not indulge, but my buddies did. Let me tell you, this thing was impressive. It's a sky high platter filled with mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits, fired chicken, eggs, and chipotle cream sauce. They bury a knife in it for scale. -  - I opted for the mushroom, artichoke heart, sundried tomato hash for a healthier option and it was really well done. Flavorful and served with perfectly crispy potatoes and one of their flaky homemade biscuits.  -  - If you're into bloody mary's, they make a really great one. Spicy and tangy, exactly how it should be. The double double lattes are also really great. -  - This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the area (go here and NOT to the one on the Strip). Next time I'm planning to try one of the burgers, they looked incredible.	2013-02-21	0	0	0
xh368cQ-uvr7DEjJPVJqXA	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	NKZkI3jA27wYzy8QxXdcug	3	Recently visited Border Grill for lunch due to it's close proximity to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. Overall, the food was good. I ordered the grilled fish tacos and while good, they really were not anything special. The service was great though and the bar area had nice ambiance. I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again but definitely one of the better places near the Convention Center if that is where you find yourself :)	2012-10-18	0	0	0
oQRVjNmjTntHtp5uXjI-Hg	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	SDRiAqrX7gV8w6ma5r7aZQ	3	What I loved most about this place is the table we were seated at. It was the corner table with a beautiful view of the strip and we were entertained by the Bellagio's water show while lunching.  -  - I ordered something that was intriguing at the time but don't remember loving it as much. I ate it, but for me, it was the African spices that they put on the meat that I didn't like so much.  -  - I was more in love with being at the top of the world than the food I ordered. What was more sweet was that we were having a kid-free weekend in Vegas, just my husband and I, rekindling like we were dating all over again. Sigh...	2013-11-15	1	1	2
fLB2whxPK5Sq0X-K-7ag7g	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	-XeFGDrpJCTG4oyLEsgPXA	5	Best Thai spot in Vegas. Must try the whole roasted catfish, soft shell crab salad, and the garlic shrimp with the shells. I've eaten here like 10 times, great everytime. Service is good. Too far from our house and they only stay open til about 9-930pm. This is Vegas stay open later. Please. And open a 2nd location don't like taking my kids to crack alley!	2011-02-28	0	0	1
I8YYblzWzav9tC8-x7nI4Q	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	3	I only buy two things here:  -  - the wedding cake by the slice (if I get a craving)  - and their cream puffs.  -  - Love those items and I'm sticking with it. Over there years I've patronized Freed's and I can taste a difference. It's not bad, but I guess...I feel that it used to be better.  -  - Still worth a look, worth a try!	2010-01-01	0	0	0
kHs0j2A9k3VEAOOWcu7HHg	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	Kv3cXS8jUZ5s9paxOm9jiw	5	The best Food experience you will ever have !!! -  - Food verity - 10/10 - Food quality - 9/10 - Atmosphere - 9/10 - Price - fair -  - All and all - unbelievable!!! - Very much recommended.	2014-05-05	0	0	0
xz8r-7OeKq3pdA6BtyJBkg	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	3	Came here for dinner to start off my Buffet of Buffets gluttony fest since this buffet opens that latest. No line at 930pm. They are open till 11pm and dinner is $30. It wasn't as good as I remembered it to be. I've eaten here many times before... but years ago. They have crab legs for dinner... but it's cold. However, later I saw people asking for it steamed, so I guess you can get it warmed up as well. The prime rib here was good - tender and juicy. The variety of food is not as vast... but food is not bad.  I guess many places are copying Wicked Spoon and doing small individual portions because they had some items served like that here. The fried rice, fried chicken, and shrimp cocktail I got were in individual servings. I thought the fried rice was pretty good and that the Asian selections did taste "Asian" lol. They had Asian chicken wings... and they did taste like how I marinade them at home. The BBQ pork buns were quite good as well but very soft! The bun falls apart very easily! The fried chicken was also juicy and tasty.  -  - I was not too big on the desserts here... but they do have a large selection of cupcakes! However, the cupcakes are typical size cupcakes, so it makes it harder to try more flavors. I like mini-cupcakes because you can try more. I also got a crepe, but the crepe itself is pre-made. They warm it up and fill it with whatever you want. if you want good FRESH made crepes, the Paris buffet is the way to go.  -  - I would eat here again if I was doing the buffet of buffets deal... but probably not if I was paying full price for the buffet itself. Even though dinner is over at 11pm, I believe you can still eat till 1130 or so... at least that's what I heard the guys saying at the table next to me. They came in at 1045pm.	2013-11-26	0	0	1
aQ1ud3HlSzuBoV0IfrIZEw	b1cpIWkBelVMrmcTUwGDsA	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	4	Fabulous salon! I am very picky when it comes to my nails and like them to look PERFECT.  - Now there was a time when my nails did not come out absolutely the way I liked it and I called to see if I can have it fixed. Cindy was super nice and apologetic that my pedicure did not look the way I liked it (I really am anal about my nails). I came in the following day and she fixed it for me. Good costumer service is really important and you will definitely get it here. Not every salon will care about their customers as much as this salon does.  - A salon with staff like this one is truly a rarity and am happy I found it.	2014-02-06	5	1	6
IsPEIrYdKKn36QGFr3K2fQ	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	3	MMMMmmm. Yummy burgers but VERY expensive! This is a high end burger place on the strip. Burgers are on average of $15 and fries/onions rings are a staggering $10! If the sides weren't so expensive, I would come back... but since the prices are so high, this is more of a "try it once" type of place.  -  - I ordered the Farm Burger that came with duck breast bacon, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg for $15 and the truffle parmesan fries for $10. Those are the Total Rewards prices. Without the card, it's $1 more for each item. My friend ordered the hog burger for $17 beer battered maui onion rings for $8. Our total was about $53 for just the 2 of us... and we didn't even order drinks! That's pretty damn expensive for burgers.  -  - I must say though, that the food tasted amazing! Everything was really tasty and well presented. It was our first ever experience at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Service was also quick and good. Food came out in a fairly timely manner. The food did taste just as good as it looked... but I've also been to other pretty fantastic burger places for about half the price! My egg on my farm buger oozed with yoke yumminess when I cut into the burger! It wasn't overly cheesy and all the ingredients went well together. The duck breast bacon was tasty and tender. My truffle fries came with 2 sauces, a garlic aloli and the other I can't remember. The fries were tasty but not good as leftovers. Onion rings were crispy and also very tasty, but also not good as leftovers. The food here is meant to be eaten fresh. -  - This burger place is located inside Planet Hollywood. It's at one of the entrances right off the strip. There is a fire display at the entrance - really cool looking! When we went, the line pretty long, but moved pretty quickly. Now that if you are a party of 2, you must wait in line. If you have a party of 3+, you can give the hostess your name and number and they will text you when your table is ready.  -  - I'm glad I tried this place because it was really good, but chances are I won't be coming back because it's just too expensive! I was told by the guys at the table next to me that you can substitute the regular beef patty for a pork patty instead. I do not know how much that costs - but the pork is really tender and tasty - basically the kobe beef of pork.  -  - So, try this place because it's really good and to claim that you've eaten at one of Gordon Ramsay's establishments... but not really worth the price - so it's more of a try it once type of place. I don't think I can stomach paying $25 bucks for a burger and fries again. Just remember to use a Total Rewards card to save and extra buck off each item and if you have a party of 2 or less, you have to wait in line!	2014-06-25	2	2	2
5tXbcTZrMlc7NOFM-rt0rQ	kJkCD-oHLpaFLeXSrgWqgw	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	we had a great experience with this place and will soon be back for more work. My husband had some terrible tooth problems, and without insurance, we had to pay for it all ourselves. It was nice having someone to work with who was patient and understanding. My husband was able to feel better quickly and get on with life. Thanks for everything Doc!	2012-08-16	0	0	1
q4qlW5mwrGFgJyrfAcjiWw	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	Wj-8vULuUnXdHsV4AQCEQQ	5	It should be no surprise that Four Peaks is getting a stellar rating from me. This is a staple in the brewery/restaurant scene for Phoenix.  -  - The Girl and I were meeting up with a friend. He wasn't going to be ready for awhile, but we were hungry! So we headed out a little early. It's a good thing we did, because there was a wait. It was actually one of the less busy Friday nights I've seen, but a wait is typical on a busy night. The wait is made significantly better by the fact that you can go in and get your drinking started by ordering from the bar. There's one little spot where people waiting usually order, which can be annoying because it gets backed up. But there are plenty of bartenders to get everyone served, and the TVs all around help pass the time too. After a little while (maybe 20 minutes, maybe a little more. I lost track) we got seated outside. We sat outside on the patio, which is always my preference. When the weather is nice it can't be beat. Plus the inside gets a little loud for my tastes. -  - The Girl ordered Kilt Lifter. I went for a specialty beer they brewed up: a white IPA. It was excellent. I like beer in all it's many forms, but The Girl does NOT do IPA's. She took a sip and didn't even wince. The simplest way to describe it (and this doesn't even come close to doing it justice, but I'm trying to keep this review to a manageable length) is to imagine if your favorite Hefe and your favorite, medium-hopped IPA had a sweet, tangy, and citrusy little baby. I stuck with the white IPA for the whole night. -  - We were waiting on my friend, so we ordered the Arizona Chicken Rolls to start. This really is a requirement when you come to Four Peaks. The menu is great overall, but the Chicken Rolls are hands down my favorite item on the menu. The "sweet jalapeo dressing" is perfect - a nice blend of sweet and spicy. I always order an extra serving of the dressing because I use so much of it. It's $8 for two rolls, and I'll sometimes make a meal of just this alone. Okay, I'll stop gushing now... -  - We waited as long as we could, but ordered just before our friend got there. The Girl ordered the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich ($12.5) with fries. She also had them put the onion straws and bleu cheese on the side. I was not feeling the typical sandwich and fries pub food that night, but Four Peaks did not let me down. On their special nightly menu (a few extra special dishes that are one night only), they had a perfect meal: a cherry wood smoked ribeye topped with poached eggs, served with cajun cream cheese mashed potatoes and grilled squash. The Girl enjoyed her sandwich, although she was very glad she ordered the onion straws and cheese on the side - there was a lot of it! There was a lot of bread (which is typical) so she didn't eat all of it. My ribeye was outstanding. Ordered it medium rare (like you're supposed to) and it came out perfect. Melt in your mouth excellence, and there was lots of smokiness to it which I really enjoyed. The mashed potatoes had just enough kick to make them feel special. I was a bit underwhelmed with the grilled squash, mostly because  the slices lacked any seasoning that I could taste. If you've got a dish with strong spice (from the potatoes) and lots of smokiness (from the steak), then plain-jane grilled veggies ain't gonna be quite enough. Just a little bit of salt and pepper helped a lot. I was definitely full and satisfied by the end of the meal. -  - Eventually our friend did come and we had an enjoyable evening. The waitress was attentive and nice. She was very patient and still attentive despite the fact that we sat for quite a while waiting on our friend.   -  - If you are at all interested in craft and local beers, then this place sets the standard for Arizona, in my opinion. There are lots of really great places popping up, but it's inevitable to find myself at another brew pub saying, "Well, it's not as good as Four Peaks" about something. Not everything, but  something. Four Peaks gets high marks in every aspect of the experience: atmosphere, wait staff, beer quality, food quality, and price point. If you haven't been to Four Peaks, you are missing out on a quintessential Phoenix spot. Go now!	2014-04-20	0	0	1
KFVjwoQqx-YcM0su8unIlg	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	sqnd8YEJhaJkSFjcmlmYyg	4	love the location! - like the service. - like the foods.  taste fresh and flavored just right. - like the large serving portion. -  - definitely a place to come back again...	2011-11-04	0	0	0
mWem1EX6q-YjlXpb2Mu3WA	G9kP3YiSNPfjbCbvorTDEQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	We were driving through the Scottsdale area and honestly just killing time until dinner.  We stumbled across this place completely on accident, and fell in love immediately.  They have limited hours, but we lucked out and they were open when we got there.   -  - The place can seem a touch overwhelming when you first walk in - think Ikea, but nicer furnishings!  We thought it would be a quick stop in and look around, but we were there for over an hour and half just perusing through all the various room setups and random placements.  We could definitely imagine our entire house being easily decorate with all the offerings this place had and the prices were extremely reasonable for the pieces. -  - Don't need a room full of furniture?  They have gobs of arts and mirrors and knick knacks!  Be warned though - if you pop in here for "one small piece" for a room you may very well end up replacing the whole room worth of stuff!   -  - Overall: A (the only thing holding it back from an A+ is the limited hours)	2013-08-26	0	0	0
2zjxJeebmw8RLnAr3M6bHg	8Pzdk19tA2bKlKDSgwWqoQ	NKZkI3jA27wYzy8QxXdcug	5	Recently dined at Scarpetta during a work trip to Vegas and loved every minute! First of all, The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel; arguably the nicest the Vegas. It's so chic and luxe, you can't help but feel sophisticated while there. Scarpetta itself is also very, very nice. My co-worker and I were seated by the window with an amazing view of the Bellagio water show. Fabulous! But more importantly, the food was delicious! Everything from the cocktails to the bread basket was wonderful. We ordered the berry smash cocktails (perfect and not too sweet!), scallops, heirloom tomato salad, spaghetti (simple yet amazing), short rib ravioli and the best dessert on the planet, the cinnamon sugar donuts with warm nutella in the middle and caramelized bananas on the side (are they for real?!?).  -  - Bottom line, if you're in town you MUST go to Scarpetta. You won't regret it!	2012-10-18	0	0	3
PwZO5gUUL6Ie7eDtszDJkw	sLjdmfeh7mPALZ_CyMt8dg	BlNx89A_4I5khhawpA-i7A	1	Over staffed, but there is never anyone to help me look at something I am potentially going to buy. No bargaining whatsoever, not even if the item has been there forever.	2012-06-05	0	0	2
mpNQgVjV9x7ZGCY15fBMYg	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	dWB8lxnALBA0MBhocIfQGA	5	I love AYCE and this place does it perfect.  The food typically will come out quick, the fish tastes fresh even on weekdays.  Lunch at $21.95 is the perfect price and I'm sure I usually will eat WELL above that amount.  I want to give a long drawn out review of here but truly it doesn't need it.  I'm not a huge "roll" person but their Lemon Roll almost tastes like desert to me, the citrus kick you get at the end of it, just is a nice refreshing flavor to finish off a meal of WAY too much food.	2013-07-27	2	1	2
ToPPba01GNnV-98Rdz5EyA	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	oYewMPXEOy4yfy3nPb2Wzw	4	The only reason we tried this place was to see if their Fish n Chips were English Pub worthy.  -  - Good news, they were actually one of the best we've had, if you don't agree, you don't like Fish n Chips, stop posing.  - More good news for me, Lindemann's Framboise on tap... yum.($14)  - Bad news, seafood cold bar (not so cold).... room temperature oysters definitely not good.  - $40 1/2 lb. of Alaskan King Crab legs (3 pcs) just so-so, actually had to ask for melted butter.  -  - Service OK, not great, not absolutely terrible unless you consider the fact that there are about 20 servers working there, most, especially these 2 guys who were just wandering around aimlessly, talking, hoping not to get caught by the "manager". Someone isn't watching their bottom line...  -  - Bad news, here comes the bill... well to be honest we were staying at Aria and it is literally next door, so it was by far the cheapest meal we had during our stay.  -  - If you like Fish n Chips, and loads of beer, it's worth a try.  -  - BTW, don't order the "yards" of beer, you just look plain stupid trying to drink out of it ......awkward.	2010-09-17	0	1	0
BolSc1Nx3APCKgvAYUtjfA	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	wiWx-KMvOMMO3xHEgroPuA	4	The girls and I chose Citizen Public House for our Saturday night dinning spot due to it's charm, reputation, and location. Previous visits to this establishment were phenomenal; a concoction of various liquors saturating my belly  and the consumption of a possibly over-priced steak. That being said, last evening was slightly less exemplary. But only slightly. -  - We arrived around 830 to a moderately busy restaurant. Got a great booth & decided on a tasty Pinot Grigio for under $30. Our server was decent, not great, clearly busy. I found myself wondering where he was a few times, but his moderate charm and the speed of our appetizer allowed some forgiveness. That, and the fact that we have all worked as servers/bartenders one time or another, oh and the wine :)  -  - We ordered the halibut, pastrami appetizer, smart chicken, and the fondue appetizer. Fondue came out quickly and was amazing. The halibut was good, but not great - the pastrami was excessively fatty, I was expecting a little fat, but having grown up consuming strangely large amounts of pastrami, i must admit that it was aggressive. The chicken was the star of the meal, with sweet corn risotto, mushrooms, and perfectly moist chicken. It was definitely aptly named, smart chicken.  -  - My main concern was the vegetables. I love my veggies, and a simple sauted veggie dish would've been lovely. I ordered $5 relished veggies and got a plate of under cooked, hard, disgusting squash and onions. That is not an array of delicious greens. There actually were no greens. The halibut came with cauliflower that was really just not good. Like really, not good. The brussels sprout sauerkraut sounded like the stuff my dreams are made of (is that lame?) and unfortunately was not of dream quality.  -  - The food may be hit or miss occasionally ('ve heard the scallops are phenomenal, and the steak is very good, although a small portion) the bar definitely makes up for any failings. A delicious array of cocktails that you've never dreamed of, made by friendly, talented mixologists. Truly, they aren't bartenders. We tried this grapefruit vodka, spicy tomato juice, basil oil concoction and it was just delicious. Every drink i've had there has been funky, unique, and just phenomenal.  -  - Maybe in the future I'll skip dinner at CPH, and just go straight to their bar...	2011-07-31	0	0	0
Se7U2nq9Ljf1x9-bTiNT9A	u7E7_VtKhGBbH9sMoIQCIw	QoBRBBc4uJBI-Oee2QGvUw	5	Staff, facility, and experience first class. Say goodbye to sleazy gun stores and say hello to G&A!	2012-04-01	2	0	2
2y4mipgAYxmqIsiuSyDdEw	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	4	*I love sushi, but not raw fish, so every roll that I ordered was cooked.  Even the 2 best rolls on the menu** -  - Last night was my first time here and let me say that I have been missin out on some seriously great sushi.The restaurant is a little small and when we went last night there was a line out the door and a 20-40 minute wait for a party of 3 (@7pm on a Friday night).  I think we got in after only 20 minutes though.  When you walk in there, isnt much to look at and not very much room to move around, but we didn't mind.   -  - We ordered about 5 regular rolls, 2 specialty rolls, edamame , kalbi ribs, smoked salmon, and mochi. Surprisingly we finished it all except for 3 pieces of sushi.  We did the AYCE (all you can eat) for $22.95 a person. Basically when you come here you have to get AYCE because the specialty rolls individually are like $12+, so if you wanted two it'd be more than the AYCE price.  All of the food was very tasty and the fish was fresh and flavorful.  My 2 favorite rolls are the "Son of the beach" and "Wet Dream".  I could die happy with these two rolls as my last meal. A MUST have!!! -  - Oh, f.y.i. if you dont finish your sushi, they will charge you extra per roll that you didn't finish, so beware when ordering -  - Overall, the restaurant is one I hope to frequent.  The service was prompt, the sushi was amazing, and my belly was full at the end of the night.  If you're looking for a steal on sushi quality and price, this is where you want to be!	2010-08-14	0	0	0
do9KqErwhTs_K9JqWfMa7A	zp713qNhx8d9KCJJnrw1xA	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Not sure how to follow Julie P.'s epic review, but I thought I'd show some support. -  - La Condesa is a fantastic addition to Central Phoenix. Casual, nice people, amazing food. -  - Like other reviewers, I'm partial to the Oaxaca black mole chicken and the cochinita pibil. Everything is delicious in any delivery system -- taco, burro, or (gooey and vaguely depraved) quesa. -  - The salsa bar really gets me, though. Experiencing it is to suffer total cognitive arrest and disorganization; it's like love at first sight or stumbling upon a work of great art. Peanut, cilantro, de arbol... bring a sharpie so you can mark the little plastic cups and remember your favorites. -  - Bonus points: The server remembered that I'd asked for strawberry salsa (they were out) on my last visit eight days prior, and offered a totally above-and-beyond apology. Must be something in the mole that sharpens the memory.  -  - Great place -- a gem.	2010-03-06	11	8	13
QZrERF_t1R4qoytfUGFO_A	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	IOBOiXUAfyAYDqz3F4uSaw	4	Good food! The zingers are my husbands favorite! Plus they have Blue Moon, which is definitely a plus!!!	2013-06-30	0	0	0
8CdFNqEP0kU_W-GAiTbAyA	NK-8zniVfA21IQoQCynrDg	nVwn29mC4KQTcGZvpley4w	3	Your $3 gin and tonics during happy hour gave me a hang over by 7pm, leaving me nauseated for the rest of the night. Good thing or bad, you pick. Loved your "4 cheese" mac n' cheese even though it was probably velveeta. But whatevs, it was 5am and it was awwwesome.	2009-08-01	0	0	0
LMZ3Mw5_sy14Pnq7aL3jsg	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	mcMgNJ58Ky6YgLJHAqA15Q	4	My bff and I recently stayed at the Cosmo and visited Holsteins twice. Here's how it went for us: -  - Day one - Bff had just finished running the Las Vegas Rock 'n' Roll Marathon, so we were in no mood to be messing around. Vegas was crazy-crowded, and we had no reservations, so we expected to wait quite some time. I was pleasantly surprised when our beeper went off after only 15 minutes.  I started with an Absolut dirty martini (the best way to judge a decent bar), and it was very good!    Then I ordered The Classic with blue cheese, and had no idea what type of fries to order. I panicked and went with steakcut.  The burger was excellent; big, thick and juicy, with a bun that was just the right size and a good amount of cheese. The fries were good, but nothing spectacular. -  - Day two - Bff and I both had some things on the menu that we wanted to try, so back we went.  Absolut dirty martini? Yes, and though it was a different bartender, it was again excellent. This time we were prepared for an appetizer, and agreed on the pizza twinkies out of sheer curiosity (and a mutual lifelong love of pizza).  They were a revelation; crispy bread surrounding melty cheese with a delicious tomato relish-type dip.  Truly great.  Then we both ordered a burger. I can't remember the name, but it was a thick burger between a layer of kettle chips and thousand island dressing. It was awesome. We ordered the shoestring fries and were again underwhelmed, so we ordered a side of onion rings. THOSE. WERE. EXCELLENT. -  - To summarize, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the vicinity. The only thing keeping me from awarding it 5 stars is that I found the service to be rather slow and indifferent. On both nights it took them quite awhile to check in with us once we were seated, and even longer to make sure we were ok once we had our food.	2012-01-07	2	2	1
FnqMidnA0kl1ptl9sifYJg	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	hFA6eAdTSsECBh6qDnq3Ug	3	As far as steakhouses go, I wasn't impressed.  The steak was good but not inline with the price.  I enjoyed the bisque but the grilled asparagus lacked that steak house quality I've come to expect from other steak houses.  I arrived early for my reservation and the bartender was helpful while I waited.  Their list of scotch is decent, at best.	2014-05-20	0	0	0
M233tc1E8b5ZGVfntU0ivQ	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	B8cYcBWW9bkEJKR46Jou7g	4	Came here for their New Years Eve serving which I'm guessing is different from other nights, but wow, I'm impressed. -  - Beef Wellington, lobster, king crab, Alaskan crab, sashimi, caviar, etc., I walked out of this place in pain since I couldn't stop eating.  Yeah the price was a little steep at $75 for a buffet, but what do you expect when you have lobster tails right?   -  - Oh yeah, don't forget about the dessert, flan, creme brulee...	2014-01-01	1	1	1
xpY0p6b4cP3984O3VHhEQg	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	91e8Cg7Vqj7G5XEXK3uaYA	5	It is definitely one of my favorites in Las Vegas.  The hubs and I have been there several times and have yet to be disappointed. I love the decor, and the service has always been wonderful.  The food is also excellent - the flatbreads are very good.  The desserts are fabulous! -  - If you can, sit outside and take in the Bellagio Fountains. It is absolutely stunning after dusk! -  - On our first visit, it took longer than expected for us to get seated since we were waiting for the patio.  The manager, who thought we were waiting just a bit too long, gave us some bubbly on the house.  That impressed us immensely!	2006-05-17	0	0	0
kpM9Q-b7_8bxQ4STR6cx2w	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	P5BmTASh86GIcBApw_92IQ	4	Tried the full montagu and caribbean jerk chicken.   -  - First of all...the bread is good.  Toasty, chewy, and doesn't fall apart.  The montagu was good, but the caribbean jerk chicken really does need some work.  I ordered it since other yelp reviewers recommended it, but something is missing in that sandwich.  There isn't much spice in the sauce, and it needs more than some roasted red peppers and some hot peppers, no?   -  - Line is crazy long, but it goes very quickly and tables open up pretty fast.  Would def come again :)	2011-09-07	0	0	0
XZz2iF9N5D6-e9w85vBBqA	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	3	I went to Hanny's as part of the @downtownphoenix pub crawl. -  - It's an interesting venue. -  - The location is great for downtowners, and it's an incredibly spacious setting. I think the bar is a little larger than it needs to be, for the amount of seating it provides. -  - I had a long island ice tea that was delicious! We were not there long enough to order food, but I will probably be back for that later. - (It was already on my list) -  - The bathrooms. -  - Wow. That was a frustrating experience. -  - I mean, it's neat, and it's certainly unique, but dammit man, I had to go. -  - I am not a fan of the bathrooms. -  - I will update my review when I next visit. For now, Hanny's is ok.	2010-05-16	1	2	1
xBtF0F77AqoXCMxZWHcneg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	bETZuVyByuZDhQSxKK5rig	5	I haven't been to very many GREAT Vegas buffets lately.  After hearing about MGM, Bellagio, etc etc etc.  My little cousin and her bf went around to scope out buffets the day before, lol and found this one.  She was raving to me about how awesome it was and I was excited to go try it out. -  - (As a buffet hater) To my surprise, I loved it!  The portions were just right for a hungry little girl like me.   Everything was portioned off into mini pots,dishes, plates, etc; as so you do not overindulge so you have room to try more than one.  We went around lunch time and there were so many options!  There were asian dishes, Italian pasta and pizzas, breakfast items, a roast meat section, a California section of fresh fruits, cheeses, etc, AND (saved the best for last, but definitely isn't least) AN ENDLESS ARRAY OF DESSERTS-with a gelato case of about 16-20 different flavors!  -  - All in all, I will come back and try out dinner.  Running at about $20-25 per person for lunch, it isn't a bad deal (and they were running a special that afternoon, a complimentary mimosa per person)!	2011-09-28	0	0	0
s1y3QYjgCbgEHeqc16ZWDg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	D3kBC-5fPND_rnKIidrvLA	5	ohh emmmm geeee....so good! - i came here for brunch with my best friend.  we were greeted with the friendly host and friendly servers, bussers, etc...  service was awesome.  we got the patio seating which is the view of the pool of the venetian, but it was nice out so we had to sit outside.  the food was amazing! we didnt go for the typical brunch but we went for what is BOUCHON! we started with a mixed green salad; nothing spectacular but i'd figure we need some greens before we go for the real deal...dun dun dun... next up 1/2 dozen of hama hama oysters with a delicious acidic mignonette! then salmon rillettes with toasted crostini AND of course the foie gras terrine..... i was so stuffed but beyond satisfied...thank you mr. thomas keller :D simply amazing....... next up french laundry!	2010-09-14	0	0	0
6Lk67M9Si-Wu1-rH_TtcTg	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	zpXplaTZOxXuzJytEC4KLQ	1	either im not into buffets anymore, or mgm has lost its touch!  the food was okay but i found hair in it! they have cut back  on the quality of seafood that they serve, and they dont have as much of a variety of food as they used too but the hiked the price! i complained and i was drunk! not thats sad!	2009-02-05	0	0	2
xjNShzZMOgYuhjKkyZPcbA	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	vMqTGP9DpuLiuOR-1VeD9Q	2	I hated this place pretty much from the very beginning. It was very busy and not enough staff, apparently. It's a room with nothing on the walls or floors to absorb the sound so it's very loud. After we were seated it took nearly 5 minutes for the server just to get to the table.  -  - The menu is limited in that they are all about that meat and potatoes thing with very few alternative options: no meatless, vegetarian, or gluten free items.  -  - I opted for a bowl of steel cut oats topped with strawberries & pecans and it was ok. Certainly nothing special about a bowl of oatmeal so I'm not even sure what I expected here. No PB and most have never heard of putting it in your oatmeal. But if you don't, all you get is a bowl of carbs for breakfast -  - Do they even know what bill time is? In all the time I've been eating out I have never had any restaurant not give me a credit card receipt. It is not your position to assume I don't want one and I should never have to ask for it. Always get a credit card receipt to help prevent fraud.  -  - Not going back here. The end.	2014-02-16	2	4	5
rgtaTcEIoEfwPfd37zMtgw	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	yR5kinScZ_HhLCii4BQ35A	5	We had dinner here on 12/17/11 ..Steak Lovers Heaven !!! If you love steaks this is the restaurant to come while in Vegas. It is pricey but worth every penny..  Nice cocktail menu.. creative mixologists at work...I had the asian pear martini and my hubby the traditional ketel one martini a little dirty..  for appetizer the pork belly is a must try.. it is cruchy on the outside and buttery tender in the inside..perfection.. the butter lettuce salad it's amazing.. if you can believe that a salad can be amazing you should try this one.  With an array of choices from the meat menu could be quite intimidating but the servers are highly trained to help you make the best selection.  I chose the bone in petit filet mignon and my hubby tried the kobe filet both charred to perfection on the outside and buttery in the inside.. melts in your mouth.. WOW !!! worth every penny.. for sides we had the brussel sprouts and the spinach both excellent and for dessert the fig cake with gianduja ice cream YUM !  Please do not let the name Wolfgang puck confuse you .. this one is one of his best restaurants.. way different to Spago..	2011-12-28	0	0	0
M_FMOjBxDayY5TgLBOsOnQ	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	4	Best Bang for the Buck! In 8 years of living in Vegas, I never knew about this place until my out-of-town co-workers told me about it. It's OLD SCHOOL, smokey and all (which blows). It's behind Ballys on Koval, next to a convenience store. It looked far worse than I had imagined, but the food was far superior than I had expected. -  - There are two restaurants: The standard and the BBQ. From the regular restaurant, you can get a steak dinner (beer included) for $6.50. I haven't had it myself, but my Dutch co-worker kept raving about the filet mignon he got for $7. He told me, "That was the BEST filet I've ever had!" (and he's an older dude who's been around the world a few times). The menu there had all the usual suspects from big breakfasts to big dinners of all kinds. -  - I went to the BBQ joint for the 1/2 rack baby back ribs $7 and decided to add 1/2 BBQ Chicken for $2 more (beer NOT included). But their homebrew in a tall pilsner is only $1.50. Their amber was nutty and refreshing. The guy manning the BBQ pit told me they pressure cook the ribs for over 2 hrs so it falls off the bone, then he finishes it off over the flames with sauce. It came with 2 corns on the cob, slaw, beans, and toast. (see pic). -  - If you're sick of being gouged on The Strip, then walk a block on Flamingo to Koval, and enjoy how Vegas used to be... cheap!	2010-04-26	0	0	1
uWraeW9hSbNlSEePJuxFeQ	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	4	Went here for lunch.  We were seated by the window and had excellent views of the strip.  I ordered a shrimp, lobster, crab salad.  It was just what I wanted.   -  - Great dinning room - Good bread - Good food and spirits -  - The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was a nice experience.	2012-01-03	0	0	0
iM2RwyfjxFL1UVLtVzue8g	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	kMJevr0ybTDuaUzxF8pYvA	3	It's over priced! Everything is small plates. We were staying mid week and we had a 30 minute wait to eat.	2014-06-11	0	0	1
ourTZALVjRN_LUrotvJFSw	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	bQwEZin9uhim4KqzCldV7g	4	Great Burger and wings in a cool spot at Mandalay Bay. Had the American classic, it was outstanding. Perfectly cooked patty (medium), fresh toasted bun and very fresh veggies on it. The fries and my wife's chicken wing meal were also excellent. It was a good experience. Great food and service, and way less then you would pay at BurGR or some of the other Celeb chef burger joints.	2014-01-07	0	0	0
kukN2hm7Kn8KrRMU4UUorg	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Order the scorpion on the rocks or with ice cream. You wont be sorry. Don't forget to go back to the Fireside Lounge for an after breakfast cocktail.	2012-11-28	0	0	0
pCdqcgHHXLdjsPmMLAEL8g	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	gnHG0HLsquYl4dX5_9jhWQ	1	Went here for lunch and dinner. The meat wasn't good and a cockroach past right by me inside the restaurant...	2013-11-22	0	0	1
ocWAwMa96FVd3IeDZGSZlQ	GRVMk9inxsLOmCnztVPQWw	obe51qF4J-qK5xb8SEPqvQ	5	very nice! We saw a very well put together exhibit with very famous and not as famous art. well worth it!!! There were families there but parents were carefully & respectfully educating the children on the att.	2011-05-09	0	0	0
qVTqKK-iqNrCADIW3p-cvg	K7l8kVfpCWBhQpMHEhCv5w	y5p13FHs9Nq-2bsigIEIWg	1	If I had the option to give no stars that would be my first choice, but unfortunately I will have to give them this one. This is by far the worst medical office I have ever been to. For starters, they have medical assistants,  untrained in front office policies and insurance, working the front office (via iPads) and discussing patient sensitive matter in front of the entire waiting room. On multiple visits I have witnessed multiple hippa violations (one major being the time they asked me to recite my social security number in front of another patient checking out) on different occasions. Unfortunately for them, because of my profession, I am completely up to date on HIPPA regulations and plan to file an official complaint through the .gov website.  I will never return to this office again nor will I refer. Thought I would branch out and give a public practice a try but never again. Private practices would NEVER treat a patient the way I was treated here. Don't bother booking, they'll more than likely ask you to come in early just to let you know they won't see you when you're two minutes late. Ridiculous.	2013-10-31	0	0	1
eOtx9eN4ue5BRX1ZShFp5Q	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	DfiIi9aFcLrfN8cQNOwh3w	5	It has been years since my husband and I ate here with a group of friends, but I still remember it as a wonderful dining experience.  The room was vibrant and current; the atmosphere was fun, but sophisticated, the restaurant itself was busy and bustling.  Excellent food and good wine list.  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant, for both groups and romantic dinners.	2013-07-25	0	0	0
0xx6N2i871-yXMuM2NkORg	8qL697NwICTc_ac0-26Ycw	CUUpi7gtqx1zojEGJ6Z5ew	4	A nice mall with lots of shopping and food options. One of the largest food courts I have ever seen. Pretty much any food you could want (within reason).  -  - Free WiFi available in the food court. I'm from San Diego and have to come out this way occasionally so it's real nice to be in doors out of the heat!	2010-03-25	2	1	2
TdRx4gqZ-NF-w27RpKE10A	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	5	Just when I think Lucille's doesnt get any better....it does! We usually have a large group so we always get the family feast.  This time there were a few of us, so I got to explore the menu a little.  Fried pickles are a staple, and Lucille's does them right! I decided to go with the pulled pork sandwich.  It was everything I expected...and more! Pork was tender and smoked perfectly then served on a grilled potato bun.  I added some of their sauce and bam! All was right in the world.  Until I couldn't finish it of course, because it was huge.  Had mac n cheese as the side and that was also delicious.  Everyone has their preference, but I really like it here.  Definitely prefer over Famous Daves, but in the bay Area there's no Lucille's yet :(  My husband did have a minor gripe, he thought he'd had better tri-tip elsewhere.  But he likes everything else at Lucille's so this was just a small fluke.  Never had dessert here, but I can only imagine....	2012-07-10	0	0	0
G22-L0b40tdYDrpnmyy8TQ	yIRwXAtC3zLGy0_FaBecpQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	This is an excellent place to walk around when the weather is right and there are plenty of dining choices in a variety of price ranges.  The shopping varies from Gap and Sephora, which are relatively moderately prices depending on what you buy - to pricier places like Restoration Hardware, West Elm and of course an Apple store (which in its defense has some moderately priced products).  -  - The water feature in the center of the location is a hot spot for little ones to play.  They have misters throughout also which does help to keep you cool in the hot summer months.   -  - The only negatives are the parking garages where it can be a bit touchy getting in and out with a few crazy drivers and it can be a bit of a walk from the garage to your destination if you are going somewhere in particular.  But we can all use a bit more walking in our lives right? -  - Overall: B+ - There are lots of shopping venues to compete with in the Phoenix area, but this is definitely not a bad stop off if you are looking for one!	2013-10-07	1	0	0
7erYdKSSxjpRWuUCj4k59g	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	Nice variety of cake slices, pastries and cookies you can pick up from here. The  M&M's, Chocolate Chip and Raspberry Crisps are usually what I pick up for the family. Full of chocolate chips or M&M's in every bite. The cake slices l have tried are hit & miss though.  Sometimes they are real moist, other times it's a little dry and crumbly. I really want to give this place 4 stars but I docked the 1/2 star for that reason. I have yet to place an order for cake there but I do marvel at the creations they have displayed.  Lots of creative and artistic cakes! Especially the one shaped like a purse with Hello Kitty on it! They have a separate area where they take the customer orders.  -  - All the ladies who work there are cheerful. Just remember to take a ticket though when it's busy in there because it can get hectic and they dont necessarily know who is next in line to help.  -  - I had intended to only get a few cookies this past visit and I noticed they had a deal where you checked in on Yelp, spend 6 dollars you got 12cookies for free!! So I picked up the Mini Mousse cups. The cup is made of chocolate and holds the mousse filling inside.  Perfect size enough to satisfy my sugar craving.  So Mini Mousse cups for me & cookies for my family I'm happy with that!	2012-09-08	1	0	5
GKuxmImT89EWqvkxhZCSrw	OiCxoAIoBvEWxf7p1qVVmA	TdPDImmAXLOjJxJbjObOcg	3	This was our second visit to Sage.  The first was about 9 months ago, and I reviewed it 5 stars across.  It was truly one of, if not they best Vegas restaurant, and fully deserving of the Zagat rating is enjoys.  I am sorry say that based on this last visit, it has gone downhill. -  - The decor and atmosphere was of course still wonderful.  Also, the food was very good, not top notch, but certainly very good.  I would have recommended it based on these factors.  The problem came with the service.  Our server, while very nice, was simply absent.  She was at least okay when we first sat, until we ordered.  After, she was virtually non existent.  We wanted fresh drinks, and the glasses sat empty forever, until we had a busboy finally track her down.  It also took her forever to ask us about dessert, and when she finally did, she never bothered to ask if anyone wanted coffee or anything to drink - she left too quickly.   We had to flag her down after, and by the time one cup of tea came, we were ready to cancel. -  - Not sure if she was having an off night, or if the service has taken a turn for the worse, but either way the service was very sub par, and made for a not so pleasant evening.	2014-02-02	0	1	1
5TBJjgvHuIkKukvdVJDYvg	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	fa_oByem_EFAtg5peM2W2Q	2	My sister and I had dinner here last night (on her company's dime, thank god) and were hugely disappointed.  We sat near the window...with barely a view of the strip.   It's really not that high up, so I wasn't incredibly impressed by the view people keep yapping about.  If you want an amazing view, I suggest the Top of the World restaurant at the Stratosphere instead.  For ambiance, I'd give it 4 stars.  It was nice although sound from other tables really carries well.   -  - Let's talk about the food since that's the most important part about the experience.  Ok, for a place this expensive, I don't expect good.  I expect damn good.  And damn, it wasn't good.  For bread, it was typical crusty baguette, multigrain, or sourdough.  Nothing to write home about.  To start off, the menu had enough choices, but we didn't see anything that really stuck out.  Yes it's a fancy French restaurant, so I expected to not know what half the words meant, but come on, you don't have to make the menu sound so pretentious!  Anyway, as an appetizer ($20), the escargot was quite nice, better than Mon Ami Gabi downstairs and was much better than either of our entrees: Wild Red Snapper & Duck 2 Ways.  My fish was light and delicate, cooked in grapeseed oil.  It was served over really buttery swiss chard, onions, and broccolini.  For $40, I expected my taste buds to be dancing and begging for more.  They weren't.  My sister's $40 duck was (as the named implied) cooked 2 ways...confit (fancy way of saying fried) and roasted to a medium rare.  The confit lacked favor and moisture.  It was definitely over cooked.  I prefer the duck hanging in the windows of Chinatown hole in the walls over this any day.  The roasted duck was better...although a little too rare for my taste.  It was served over a mix of wild rice, braised turnip and other fancy stuff I can't pronounce.  It tasted fine but again I wasn't jumping up and down.  We also ordered  a side of the sauteed wild mushrooms, which were yummy.  But not worth 9 bucks.  We skipped dessert because nothing sounded that appealing.   -  - Service was your typical upscale restaurant service...nice, prompt, but unmemorable.  If I had actually paid for the meal, I would feel totally ripped off.  I've had my fair share of nice fancy restaurants with spectacular views, but this place is needs to work on making it's food more approachable and frankly, good. Overall, I think the place itself is nice...especially for a special outing, but for the food and the price you'd pay for it, go elsewhere.	2008-04-14	0	0	0
qUNgqWN74K6F9GrTPu6hKg	PmPOuRvuN3CoNOi1nBj_TQ	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The seafood is very fresh, I'm not quite sure how they do that. The crab cakes are to die for. They put crawfish in them and the sauce is d'lish. I love the plank salmon too, but I recently discovered the pasta mardi gras (seafood pasta). I'm usually not a fan of seafood pastas because they taste so fishy, but this was really good. I've never had anything less than great here and each time I go I try something new. -  - The drinks are good, but the speciality drinks are pretty weak. If you want a good strong drink, order a mixer. On the weekends they usually have live music on the patio, which is usually jazz or blues. It makes waiting for a table all the easier for sure. They do take reservations though, so if you don't want to wait an hour, call ahead. -  - If you go all out on the meal (appetizer, drinks, and dessert), for two people, you can expect it will easily be over $100. Worth it! Though we usually save it for special occasions.	2013-08-08	2	0	3
67im_rUjeCWoKVD206hdwA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	gW5Lf7tEv-1FCmf6S4DJvQ	4	Thumbs up for preparing a reservation for 26 people when their restaurant only probably fits 50 or so. - This is a great authentic Japanese izakaya off the strip. The prices are very reasonable and the food is solid. - There are a gajillion dishes you can choose from and all were pretty damn good. - Great way to get off the strip and order non overpriced food. - They also didnt get pissed off at us when the birthday candles apparently were like fireworks and sparking everywhere.  - Their service is great.	2011-05-04	1	1	2
FxX5LPJZrS9BglUNYck-nQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	3	We wanted to try the best of the best, so we aimed toward the more expensive items on the menu, which are the filet mignon and the seafood platter.  It was like something I can easily make at home.  I was hyped up because of the high ratings on Yelp and so I was left disappointed.   We didn't even care to stay for desserts.	2013-08-08	0	0	0
g-rdoLnIuv5wkfHGFnRZSQ	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Get the bbq pork sandwich and ignore the rest of the menu.	2012-12-26	0	0	0
gIJ0t1-ztAppP_atKaRPEw	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	3	I had high hope for the Bellagio Buffet since it was the "Bellagio" and for the price we paid.- - The dinner time starts @4p which on Sundays the price is $29.99.  So we got in line and hoping it wasn't too long of a wait cuz we were hoping to pay for the lunch price which was $5 less. ....and so we did!  The downfall to what he had to pay is if there is a party of 8 + means you are automatically charged 18% gratuity.  (To my opinion gratuity is earned and not to be expected but that's another subject) -  - The ambiance was quite disappointing for me...the place looked dated and really needs an update.  It had a lot of dark colors and just looked dreary.   -  - So I make my rounds and look around first to see what they had.  When I go to a buffet...I like to just take maybe half a spoon of something that I am interested in just to taste it and not waste it if it's yuk.  I started off with the prime rib and had them grill it a bit since it looked like it was still alive.  The aujus was very runny and the prime rib was very chewy.  Quite disappointing to me.  The taste...the taste is what you expect it to be.  But definitely not "melt in your mouth" as one yelper exclaimed. - The seaweed salad was good but how can you mess that up.  Sushi...ehh...and not much selection as far as sushi goes.  Calamari was like eating white fat rubber bands like the ones that holds the broccoli together at your grocery store. --lol.  Roasted potato was ok.  -  - They were in the midst of changing the food selection to dinner foods which what we were all waiting for.  The next plate was mostly crab legs.  Too frozen and already split in half which I would rather open up myself and be able to enjoy a whole piece out of the leg.  The pastas were good.  Nothing spectacular and the Chinese Pork bun was good.  -  - Desserts was nothing to be amazed by.  Flan was flan...the desserts in the shot glasses- panna cotta, some mousse coffee thing, -was kinda runny but good.  The carrot cake was moist and the coffee was your average tasting coffee.   -  - Our server....no it was not his fault but come on...if you know you are getting almost $5 each from us from the 'mandatory' gratuity...I would expect our drinks to be constantly filled and NO- there was not any real steak knives to cut the prime rib.  We were expected to cut the meat with our generic knives that came with the table.  -and yes I asked the server for a real steak knife and he looked at me like I asked for something personal.  Geez. -  - Even the hot tea (I always ask for that with my meal)--I did not get a lemon nor honey with my tea.   -  - Would I go here again?  NO - Would I recommend the place to others?  ONLY TO EXPERIENCE THE "BELLAGIO BUFFET" ITSELF. -  - So far my favorite right now is The M Resort Studio B Buffet.  Yes they have raised the price...but I would say the overall experience at the M is worth it.   -  - I am paying a lot of moneynot  to eat everything in sight and have to roll me out of there....I am paying a lot of money for quality and taste of the food, the attentiveness of my server who deserves a nice tip and the ambiance of the place.	2012-03-12	1	2	1
w865U8jl2OnqKMS97pr84Q	h6jfMpTZpNduLG0wE2tbaw	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	Hana is amazing. The food is outstanding. I have had sushi, noodle dishes, steak, as well as many other things off the menu and all have been delightful. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Japanese food. Check it out!	2013-02-08	0	0	0
lhV-FyPybvRo9F0bO59jMA	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	Zhj50L9iJ1YthhH9SNDlqw	5	I have now eaten here twice and both times my experience was fantastic!! -  - To start: if you come here, be prepared to spend a good chunk of money... especially if you plan to have any wine.   -  - I think the prices on the wine list is what really made me want to run out backwards, but the quality of wine is absolutely fantastic!!  Not sure if the wine we had was really worth the $120 a bottle, but it's one of those special occasion/once in a lifetime meals.  And the wine was phenomenal and didn't give me a headache the next day :) -  - The food is absolutely amazing!! Get anything on the menu.  It doesn't matter.  It will knock you off your feet!  I love the amuse-bouche that is included with your meal.   -  - The service was impeccable, as was to be expected.  I liked the pace the wait staff made the dinner flow: not too fast, not too slow. -  - Make sure to get the chocolate souffle!! You will thank me later.  I've only had chocolate souffle a few times before and this was by far the best desert I've ever had... EVER!  They serve the souffle with a side of chocolate sauce that gets poured into the middle of the souffle.  The souffle drank up the sauce like a sponge! -  - Lastly, make sure you get a seat by the window.  The Bellagio fountain goes off every 15 minutes and provides a fantastic backdrop for a fantastic meal. -  - So, overall... make this a special occasion night (if you have any money left when you're in Vegas) and enjoy!	2013-12-14	0	0	1
tJO4CQ1vpnOUptMvVeBPHQ	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	LaGNXX2DJAhK68euSuigbA	5	Went there for my birthday. Service was Amazing, Food was phenomenal, champagne was delightful. Overall, my favorite French restaurant.	2012-08-26	0	0	0
-YZNQUBKDc5AsURYULYg6g	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	5	Wish we could visit here more often....We spend too much money when we do though because everything is good.... -  - Salmon Kamameshi is a must have!!! I believe that even thouse who do not enjoy salmon can enjoy Salmon Kamameshi.  Foie Gras is distinctly Japanese and very well done. House made Agedashi Tofu melts in your month. You can tell their dashi and house made Tofu are very good.  -  - This is not the place to go if you are in the hurry or if you are looking for a standard American-Japanese restaurant.  -  - Everything about this restaurant is wonderful except a not-so-friendly manager lady. I try to ignore the fact but it annoys me sometimes.	2012-07-25	1	0	1
cfwf8C9iXcSPchURQYhQYQ	OiCxoAIoBvEWxf7p1qVVmA	ZYk9qmZbrLLT8D43af2Uhg	5	Sage is an absolutely outstanding restaurant - a couple of misses almost inclined me to go 4-stars, but after much thought, I realized the hits where so phenomenal, I'd be remiss to deduct a star. -  - First off, the starters: - -Foie Gras Custard Brulee - Wow. One of the most unique dishes I've had, and absolutely fantastic.  - -Grilled Octopus - excellent and worth getting - nice flavor and perfectly cooked - -Roasted Wild Mushrooms - Holy WOW. Maybe I was most impressed with this because it seemed least wowable when we ordered it, but I can't put into words how delicious this dish was.  Best mushroom dish of any kind I've ever had anywhere. I convinced my sister, who hates mushrooms, to try a bite and her eyes lit up and she said "that's amazing." -  - Mains - -Pork Loin - Wow again. Definitely one of the best pork dishes I've ever had.  Even the greens were so good I turned to my fiance and said "you have to try these." Don't try to picture this dish - it's nothing like you would expect. And it will exceed your expectations.  - -Braised short rib - the short rib itself was delicious, but the pickled cauliflower on this dish was a bad miss. Kind of bizarre actually - all 4 of us tried it, and none of us liked it, and it just did not work on the plate at all.  This is reason one I contemplated 4 stars. It's hard for me to give 5 stars with such a big miss. - -Crab Ravioli - my sister (a picky eater) ordered this and didn't like it. I will say, it had a very unique flavor (unlike any flavor profile I've ever had with a pasta), and I could see a lot of folks not caring for it, but I liked it OK - not enough to order it, but enough that I ate several bites of hers!  The crab was extremely fresh.  But definitely not a 5-star dish, and reason two I contemplated 4 stars overall. -  - Otherwise, I liked the atmosphere, and the service was OK (not as good as I expect from a restaurant of this caliber, but not bad).   -  - I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.	2012-11-14	0	0	0
8xLR0KGJuPtYQOG_vloSlQ	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	5	Let me start by saying I first went to Hash House at Imperial.  It was good, maybe what I ordered wasnt the best (smoked salmon hash).  Alas, enter the location on Sahara! OH MY. I had the fried chicken and maple glaze. Fantastic! Portion was enormous, you definitely need to come with a hungry man here to finish your food.  I split the banana brown sugar pancake with my husband. HEAVENLY. Nothing compares.  The caramelization on the bananas and the surprising brown sugar bits in the batter were nothing short of spectacular.  Might I say that the batter itself without the bananas and sugar was also delicious. Eat here! You won't regret it.  I'm so sad I dont live here, but glad my brother does because this will be on our list of pit stops when we visit.	2012-07-10	0	1	0
rVrIr5dncpGgoN_0TQ0zJQ	YNH_ipgJX6DluTS46T8r9w	U4jJRAu06Ya2yV-50kfPcw	5	Art and thrift clothes, memorabilia and jewelry.  This place is so cool and a must see-stop if you're in Phoenix.  The owner was so knowledgeable about the local art scene and really helpful; gave us the best complementary jamaica drink ever.  You'll find some very cool threads and buy some sweet local art there.  I have been to many thrift stores yet I have never been to such a cool thrift art store like this before.   -  - And girls, the dresses looked really cool here.  Guys, sweet t-shirts (about $6) of all sorts.	2012-05-28	0	0	3
z1yD1O76gl4BkGQYlv_RUg	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	5	I went here 3 times in 13 days.  It would've been more if my family wasn't grossed out by that fact.	2009-01-12	9	15	9
yGL7bTl1zx4gVSI9wKXnFQ	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	VZmOxVhTiHUe4K4sJdM7_w	3	hey how can you complain! after midnight they have the 'graveyard' menu for some cheap eats...had steak, eggs, hashbrowns and toast for $3.95! not the greatest of steak, and NOT the 7 oz T-bone they advertised on their in house tv, but a decent meal non the less...get there before midnight as there is a line...cheap eats after midnight! appeals to my inner cheapskate..	2012-03-15	0	0	0
MJ1zXsd0Lo5W8u7wpA1o7Q	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	X-b0du6ivnH6x9zuvSxoYg	1	Just like so many first timers, I was extremely excited to try this place. I just wanted to go. So many great words were expressed about this place that I found myself craving to try this experience out. my GLUTEN FREE AND VEGAN folks, stay away if you're going for dessert. I was really hoping that I would be able to find at the very least two or three different options what I found was a scoop of sorbet was my only option. Even though I was kind of heart broken that I couldn't fully experience this cute little place, I went ahead and ordered my sorbet ... Well, my waitress forgot to bring it out. She brought out everyones food ( which I couldn't order anything) and then when she brought out dessert mine was missing. By the time she came back my friends were done with their meals and desserts that I had to tell her to forget about it. The place is really cute, the view of the strip is nice ( outside patio) but the service wasn't great and their aren't really options for us Gluten free and Vegan people. Want to go for the decor? I say go! cute little spot and it is an experience, but prepared to make your tummy grumble and growl if you are a Gluten and Dairy Free person.	2013-04-20	0	0	2
X-y1LDkMch5_99f4MmzAew	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	hRz7dn5NjwNnU_RNIJEIMA	5	THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST SANDWICHES EVER!!!!  -  - I am definitely going to be making a stop here everytime I go to Vegas! I love it!	2011-02-16	0	0	0
Hb4F2q16sToS_tBeVD3Ohg	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	N8EuJIMzMa3hSPSSSUfJSg	4	Odd location but it works. Food is yummy and creative. Staff is pleasant and openly trying to work out the kinks of a new place. I go the good for you Cobb salad which was huge and very tasty. I'm very happy to see another place offering healthy choices and green drinks. Good stuff, I've been back twice since my first visit.	2013-08-23	0	0	0
iabD6fw7iwZZl1JVEWjvrg	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	sXD4UCK93v0RY4Z-JKltbg	4	Pho and bun are worth the extra mile off the strip.  Beware, the rooster sauce for some reason is much more potent than anywhere else. Trust. I am a hot sauce mastress.  Upset that I didn't get any TRIPE in my soup. Yea I said tripe. ...But their sliced brisket was deliciously pink and tender.  #9 rocks.  I was also intro'd to an interesting new concoction... ask for a side of sliced pickled onions and toss it yourself with some lime juice, sriracha and crispy bean sprouts for a yum bump to your soup.	2009-02-25	0	0	0
lvEipX8EyQsoWKX_ZWrUZA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	A few doors down from Crown Bakery (http://www.yelp.com/biz/crown-bakery-las-vegas) is Ichiza. Creative, packed, and a vast menu selection help this izakaya stand out from many other Japanese restaurants. Different menu items are posted Japanese style all over the dark walls. Tons and tons of them. Strips of paper with kanji and their English translations. It definitely has a great atmosphere.  -  - Let's start off by saying that reservations are a must. This place was loud and packed. Additionally, from what I hear, it is always packed. The patrons are a eclectic hodgepodge of ethnic backgrounds. This is a place where the rules of "see a bunch of Japanese in a Japanese restaurant, then it must be good" is thrown out the window. It's because almost everything here is good, no matter who is eating it. I won't lie, it will help immensely to have someone who speaks Japanese though. We went off menu for one dish. Just a note that many of the dishes aren't just based in Japan. We ordered a (off)menu Kim Chee fried rice that was really good. One of those that you KNOW you'll have "issues" later on, but you eat it anyway. -  - So in addition to the fried rice, the Aburage, Karaage, Tofu Salad, and Tonkatsu were all good as well. None of them stood out as mind blowing, but they held their own. The Misoyaki Butterfish with Tempura Hasu was really light and let's say, "buttery" (duh) and flaky for lack of a better word. I'm not a butterfish guy myself, but this was really good. Add in the rarely served hasu and it was a winner. We also ordered the Hamburger Steak. For those of you that don't know, there are real differences in a HS from America and ones made like the ones in Japan. This one was more Japanese, with a spongy and fluffy texture, like if you added plenty of bread to the meat mix before making your patties. It's really really juicy and soft in texture.  -  - The one misstep was my own "bad." It was the Tataki Sashimi. This one was odd. It was different from all the tataki sashimi I have ever had. It was still on the skin and was chewy and difficult to separate from the other pieces. It was like it wasn't cut well enough to separate. It was also overly fishy. Definite thumbs down on that one, but it's all about trying things out. Right? -  - The final topper of the night was the Honey Vanilla Toast. It is really good and is similar to Shokudo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/shokudo-japanese-restaurant-and-bar-honolulu) in Honolulu, but better. The toast is more crisp which to me makes all the difference between the two. Add on the fact that they dump gobs of honey into the toast cavity and you've got a delightful dessert. Although to fill up on toast at the end of a meal is a tall order. It's best if you have a large group to share. -  - The service is really good despite the fact that it's nuts inside with tons of patrons packed into a small restaurant and groups of people waiting outside. We were there late night as well. -  - Parking fills up fast during dinner, so I'd say make your reservations earlier if you can. Again, reservations are highly recommended.	2010-08-24	0	0	0
8_jbru6iErzTqU4pqtolEw	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	yUimQPnklVL5Kn3hQwovhg	4	Wonderful food, drinks, service, and atmosphere.  I recommend this favorite of mine to everyone!	2014-03-24	0	0	0
qtA8jcRxiaCW3Fs1zJN4xw	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	8tCgNjvzZT2ITsviHNxk0A	1	Super bummed to have to leave them a bad review but this has to be my worst experience with a breakfast place I've ever had.  First off this was my third time here... the first two times I was very impressed.   But this morning went way wrong.  I live about 20 minutes away and came here after a  50 mile morning bike ride hoping for a waffle sandwich for recovery.  WRONG.  They were out of eggs.  A breakfast restaurant out of eggs.   I was amazed... thats like a burger place out of meat.  I decided on the waffles and strawberries as an alternative.   When my waffles came out they had no strawberries.    I asked the server politely about them... he said he would grab them.  I sat there for 10 minutes as my waffles got cold waiting for them before seeing him come back out and avoid eye contact.   I guess they were out of strawberries aswell.  This will definitely be my last time here and I will not refer this place to anyone anymore.  Worst service Ive ever had.  Stoked I got to pay 10 bucks for what became cold waffles before I ate them (waiting for the strawberries they were getting me)  I guess true to their name you can come here for Bread and Butter but don't expect to much else.	2013-08-14	0	1	1
brV9_X-aRBZpj-0QVpTzqg	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	dHlNnMw5wAeH_lWWtxJGuQ	2	The pizza and calzones are just OK here.  I've been here several times.  The atmosphere is pretty good, especially at night.  I wish the food was a bit better though. For the pizza, I found the sauce a bit watery and crust to be mediocre.  The calzones are OK but I've had better.  The appetizers are OK as well.  I did enjoy the dessert. -  - However, the staff has been quite friendly every time I go to meet friends there.	2008-06-19	2	1	3
AKDaHhY2qGSNLbS--ql0sA	HZf4PgSXgGZ0EPGa-cuUPQ	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	3	As far as Macy's stores go, this one was pretty average. The store was clean, but I always feel as though the sections are overcrowded. There were several staff members working, although we never spoke to any of them.  -  - Macy's does not really seem to fit my style type or my desired price point, although I'm sure there are many people that love it. They do have some clearance racks, but it's hard to justify paying clearance price there when I can get something similar that I love for cheaper at another store even at regular price.	2014-04-16	0	0	0
VtQR9BfAZFt6xl1cjtKAUQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	zWlV1T4YAOUzmnLc2yP9ew	4	I came here with 8 people in our party an hour before lunch ended, and man, the line was pretty darn long even though it was almost 3pm. - I've been to Wynn Buffet and the the Bacchanal Buffet, and I'd rank it #2/#3 side by side next to Wynn. Even though we arrived there pretty late into the afternoon, all the main entrees were still available till a certain time. It was pretty darn good. But, I got to say their desserts are the BEST. The line for the desserts was the longest, but it was well worth it when I had their gelato assortments! Yummy to the tummy! - Oh, and the service was a bit slow (taking our plates). It might've been because our party had 8 people, but then again, there weren't that many people eating by the time we were there. Meh.	2013-02-08	0	0	1
TgG3cSau9oojw_dwqeq7xQ	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	4	The lunch menu is good and the fruit salad with the sandwich makes an awesome duo. It's a little pricy, but well worth it.	2013-06-08	1	1	1
ByThCbT7rjS-ixOLdtPezg	pQ3kRVmttsV1bHxuTf7TAg	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	One of the loveliest and quaint little bars I have ever been to in my life! -  - It's in what was once a residential home on a residential street. This, to me, adds considerably to its appeal! -  - They have an appreciable selection of beers and ales in the bottle. I don't drink wine so I can't comment, but there were people drinking some. -  - The lighting was perfect. The atmosphere was VERY pleasant! The pricing was good. -  - Definitely need to go back!	2009-03-14	1	0	1
Um0Uskwagg7CkFydKVuSCw	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	FWqA5tpXnV19GzlZDlPxfQ	5	I went to St. Francis last night with two friends and was completely blown away.  The drinks were amazing (I had the peartini - literally tasted like I bit into a pear, my friends had the almond margarita - almost as delicious).   -  - We opted to skip the appetizers since we all have sweet tooths.  I had the pot roast which was such a (great) departure from my mother's version.  The beef fell apart with the fork and had a fantastic flavor to it.  A little on the sweet side but not overpowering at all.  The veggies and polenta were great sides to this dish.  My friends had the hanger steak which was cooked perfectly and the french onion burger where the cheese just made the burger oh-so-good.  All three of us finished our entire plates even though we swore we were taking to-go boxes.  The portions were just right. -  - For dessert we could not decide which sounded the best so we went with all three!  Clearly we should have worn our stretch waist pants.  The bananas foster was not your usual syrupy goop, it was baked in a skillet and had more of a bread pudding texture than just banana mush (I usually am not a fan of the dessert but this was delicious).  The St. Francis Turtle was a round-wonder of a brownie.  The edges were covered in nuts, the chocolate fudge and caramel mousse on top were to die for.  Saving the best for last, the sticky toffee pudding.  I can only say it was like having a taste of heaven in every bite.   -  - I would definitely go back... and have all three desserts again.	2011-03-02	0	0	2
j70RbE40UYJUN-WuS-Cz0Q	1jxNxa8V0RUQaydMLTR3mw	IE7A_BL2OJkFphY_kdMLTQ	1	If you  want an allergy test done, turn around and go to your doctor.  -  - I never had allergies in my life and thought I could find out on my own what caused my reactions. I went to Any LabTest Now because you didn't need a script from your doctor. It's all out-of-pocket. They said their test are very accurate, EVEN IF YOUR TAKING ANTIHISTAMINE. Not knowing any better I took the test which costs $270! - The results back in a week, and voila! It tells me NOTHING!  -  - Chalk it up as a loss and went to my doc. -  - Staff: Not very knowledgable	2013-12-20	0	0	0
ECWjBx8iPoS0nGMgSdaSww	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	NTeqzAu-9QOnEOtrrwAOng	2	Even though the line was long, we only waited aprox 10-15 min to be seated. Our hostess and waitress were very friendly and nice. We got refills instantly on beverages without having to ask - a HUGE plus. But it took 37 mins to get our burgers and fries. Our burgers were cooked to our asking but lacked any taste, definitely needed more seasoning, salt and pepper are not provided on the table. The tomatoes in my burger were about 1/2 an inch thick, had to remove them so's to get a decent bite, because the burgers stand tall. The fries were equally bland, hardly any flavor and very dry - McDonalds fries win hands down! My husband was upset that we didn't get regular ketchup. We received 3 different flavors, which one was spicy and bitter, one was sweet/hickory and bitter, the 3rd was just gross. The fourth flavor was a Parmesan something-or-other, which was the better tasting of all. The music was really loud, felt like my husband and I were shouting at each other. Overall disappointing considering it's Gordon Ramsey, we expected more because it is Gordon Ramsey's restaurant. Needless to say, we shan't be returning but the experience was fun. Because it was our anniversary dinner date, rather than getting upset, we passed the time making fun of our food.	2013-08-12	0	0	0
-ekkWXkUWuC9Q15TegyRrg	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	3	This review would easily be five stars if it was based on food alone.The combination of waffles and fried chicken is amazing. It is truly fried southern goodness. We also ordered some cornbread to hold us over until the food got there and it was perfectly made. -  - We were there during the Sunday morning brunch rush, but the wait actually wasn't that bad.Unfortunately, the service, which wasn't great when it was the small house got much worse with the upgraded structure. The new building is great and the music really compliments the ambiance as well. Our drink order came out wrong (ice tea instead of hot tea) and when we told the server, she never fixed it. She took an additional 10 minutes to get our order after that. Once we got our meal, she never returned to ensure it was correct either. We asked for our check and ten minutes later she asked us if we wanted dessert and we had to ask for our check again. Eventually we got it from another server. It's a shame that the service doesn't reflect the quality of the food.	2013-07-29	0	0	2
aWFkkOryT7hobeg4ex7x4Q	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	59YrxFPz9Vd3YpqEfKXi7w	2	Wish I'd spent the extra and gone to Caesars instead. Was either tasteless or too salty and just seemed cheap?! - The service was horrendous too. Didn't get a smile from a member of staff once, certainly didn't deserve a tip. - Only good thing was the crab.  I wouldn't bother - spend the extra and get something memorable	2013-10-01	0	0	0
eMJyGKdxIakCeXW3QrzWHg	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	M67pECGniaCn8_4WEWG37Q	2	I am not a food snob and I love me some buffets.  I have been eating at the MGM for many years, but this will probably be my last visit.  The reason why is because the quality has gone down and down.  They have taken out some of my favorite stations including meat kabobs and mashed potato bar.  There is no more vegetable lasagna.  No more mac and cheese. No more coconut shrimp. The desserts are tasteless.  But the biggest reason why I pay top dollar for buffets are the crab legs.  Well MGM no longer has hot crab legs and YOU CAN'T GET YOUR OWN CRAB LEGS!  An attendant doles out the crab legs like a soup line during the depression. I had to practically beg for extra because I did not want to wait in line again to get more.  Very disappointing.  -  - On the plus the service is always top notch.  There was not a long line when we went.  The prime rib was tender, the Mongolian beef was excellent, the Italian soup was tasty, the fruit was fresh, and the garlic mashed potatoes were good.	2009-08-01	0	0	0
kPBGXP44Vt3MuCu6JipH7Q	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	0DuUBFaOLSehYIV8R68G-A	4	1 star for being open until 4am, which is pretty much when I stumbled into the Pizzeria with my friend. - 1 star for having super friendly workers even at this hour. - 1 star for being in a kickbutt hotel. - 1 star for a decent version of NYC pizza in Las Vegas (albeit a little too oily and salty).	2011-05-08	1	0	2
7-cT0rl6hiVXJfVD2L42NA	jR3IlOmE8UZQ1DuQphdvcw	jYBqqRCpQLhAOCJ_HvBq7g	5	Cool upstairs and downstairs. I felt oh-so-urban in this store. I'd love for this to my like my lofty apartement. Including the elevator! I liked the deals, they had a few sales, and I liked the atmosphere a lot. This store is just my style and they cater to the real city girls and guys, hence the name! I'll be back when I have a crap load of money to spend! -  - Ps. For even better deals, try shopping at the online store!	2010-12-29	1	0	1
S-r55t1SEPmksQCRzWGQ2g	FydUxPwn2p1pcGNacbIIdQ	RZVztGJtfZlkyCUmJ4DJmg	5	I had a root canal done yesterday by Dr. Hardy.  He was extremely professional.  Also, I felt that he was very trustworthy.  He explained to me in detail what I needed and why.  We also looked at 2 other teeth that my dentist recommended me to get root canals and Dr. Hardy told me that he didn't think it was necessary.  I highly recommend them.  I was also very impressed with Pam who assisted Dr. Hardy.  She was very kind and concerned with how I was doing.	2012-06-20	0	0	0
YFxVFFXSMgJnj0YZEVXxtA	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	tIUrVNrr9i00ieCjrnAx0Q	5	They got this down. The chef is the best. He definitely knows how to please peoples pallets. amazing food and great staff. I recommend everyone to come and dine here.	2014-03-31	0	0	0
2zTzFz-bQ_IkaLw7WLOvpQ	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	BSNMxoul8JiIA4vmo0D6xQ	4	I'm a big fan of Pink's, being from the LA area so I was happy to try out the one here in Vegas.  I came here with my family and luckily we were able to take advantage of the Groupon deal a couple of weeks before.  All 3 of us opted for the Chicago Dog, except I had it with a regular hot dog instead of the polish sausage.  The dogs are loaded with toppings.  The casing around the dog has a nice snap when you bite into it and tastes just as good as the Pink's in LA.  The French fries are shoestring fries which I happen to looove.  I'm not a fan of fat fries, so these were perfect and crispy.  I'm not sure if the make their onion rings but those are also fantastic, just the right amount of breading and cooked perfectly.  It was chilly out so I also ordered a hot chocolate only to find the gal behind the counted mixing up a pouch of the powdered stuff with water.... Boo! Oh well, the hot dogs were what we came for and they sure did hit the spot.  -  - Also, you can get a naked dog and add ketchup, mustard, onions, relish and pickles for no charge... Yum!	2012-03-13	0	0	0
Zq_3gTRVeoG7nB_qmR8x1A	jz084uDhqyUK_jdbAqkYRg	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	A solid Target location. Clean and usually well staffed so you don't wait in long lines to get your items. The bonus on that idea is that they always have staff on the 20 items or less line, which is helpful if you want to get in and out quickly with only a couple of things. -  - My biggest complaint about Target locations as of late is the pushing of their credit card / debit card they now offer.  I know that corporate makes the employees offer it, however, I don't care for the two or three offers when I've already declined the first one. I promise that I was sure the first time that I didn't want the card.  On the whole it's really not the end of the world.   -  - Overall: B - Standard Target location - nothing to write home about, but not a bad place to go for groceries / essentials!	2013-10-10	1	1	2
FYqR7ho2dPBzqBYlwFfw5w	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	f24-cawi6-J8cjszh3dqLA	5	My son & daughter and their families took me to Lucille's for a surprise birthday dinner. This was my first time there, but my daughter & family  had eaten there before. We had 9 in our party and no one had any problems with the service or food, everything was "great"! I grew up in Texas where BarBQue is King, but the food at Lucille's is as good or better. I had their fried okra, the best I've ever eaten! I also had the smoked beef brisket, it was so gooood. Their sweeten iced tea comes with mint and served in a gigantic mason jar, the flavor was unbeatable. I look forward to going back again the next time in Henderson.	2011-07-11	0	0	1
X0nhCd6F-MayjYm_tHsW5w	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	oo3R8PCW1ltpoNPeGsuoCQ	5	I agree with EVERYONE below. Hands down the BEST buffet in sin city. I tried SEA URCHIN for the first time here... wasn't exactly the best thing I put in my mouth... but I tried it!	2006-12-19	0	1	1
lgEYBEFuDNucUWfQkjjcmA	-YYlBL2gDXXIahbkayglvw	foKuHkBpfPVi4K84OxLBUg	4	I am definitely a fan of this nail spot. I have become a bit of a regular customer and have a few favorite nail designers that I specifically request. The time taken to complete their services and the finished product are impressive. -  - I don't agree with some other reviews that mentioned problems with professional conduct. At almost EVERY other nail place (unless you're at the PHOENECIAN) people are screaming in Vietnamese (unless you know what they are saying I believe THAT is more unprofessional and quite rude). This is a NAIL BAR! Women can let loose here and chat about whatever they please. I do agree that foul language is not acceptable for employees, but I'd like to come here feeling comfortable enough to talk about anything I want. Frankly, its nice to actually SPEAK to someone while getting my nails done and not feel like I'm not being understood (i.e. English language barriers at other salons).  -  - I've had several good experiences and I ALWAYS get compliments on my nails. I think I have referred at least 5-6 other clients to Teres so far! I DO agree that the selection of nail polish could be increased and the quality of maintenance done to trim cuticles, clean under nails, etc could be stepped up a notch (especially during pedicures). -  - All in all, they are still a new business and I think its amazzinnggg that they are conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale. I have never been to a nail salon quite like this one. I will continue to patronize and refer new clients to Teres.	2012-07-19	0	0	0
CLR_Aq4L_EvWTNtfpK1YAA	YHDKMl5ij09wncT3eTX0yg	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	5	Kelly is an experienced manicurist..She has over a 13+ years in salon work.....She does gel polish, different types of hand designs, acrylic nails, silk nails and does great manicure and pedicure... She is friendly and speaks fluent English!!!  - Wendy who once did my Pedicure was amazing too...after her work...my feet feels like a babys bottom.	2011-07-27	0	1	1
u0V1wUOyuJ7yOf5Y6CkGoA	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	5	BELIEVE THE HYPE!! Experience a "burgasm" like you've never experienced before. Yeah I said it, a burger orgasm that you can't get from eating a Big Mac or In-n-Out burger, but right here, right now, Burger Bar. -  - Can I get an angus burger on a sesame bun with chopped jalapenos, jalapeno bacon, a fried egg (over-easy!), grilled onions, and chipotle aioli sauce? YES, I CAN! My creation was so amazing with the right amount of spices and flavors mixed so well together with the thickness of the angus beef. To be honest, the fried egg really did it for me... you cannot go wrong with that!!! My only suggestion is to pass on the $5 beer battered pickles: NOT WORTH IT...trust me. (The fat fries were also alright). What IS worth it is the +$15 you will spend on one burger that will leave you wondering how'd a burger make you feel so completely satisfied?! & if the cost is what's stopping you from coming here, bet $20 on black at the roulette tables and cross your fingers for a win that'll be spent on something you won't regret!!	2010-07-26	0	1	0
iesWjm-xzmbwEfPUOEjlow	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	9CCbGAVpEEnafAjuKZC7xw	1	The worst experience I've ever had. I should have known better when they told us 15 minute wait turned to 40. Then finally seated by the door a crowd of people also waiting for to be seated standin behind us. We waited 15 then for our server to make his first appearance...we left. Ridiculous.	2013-12-06	0	0	0
roa0FbwvD3iVyZD93XzqHQ	piymIHE-6HFS1ODP2uFfxA	6YB7nN2wwdmpgwCaSPSjVA	4	We have been coming here for YEARS and I love it!  The front office staff are wonderful, friendly, and so helpful.  Dr Carpenter is the greatest - We did try out his associate Dr Giles whom we also loved.  I wish we could have said the same about Dr Van Over.  We felt she was detached, never looked us in the eyes (no pun intended) when she would speak to us, and categorized my husband's problem with his eyes as one because of his age (hes in his mid 40's).  She lacked empathy and the caring nature I found that Drs Carpenter and Giles had.  For our family, she was not the one for us....But the other providers were.  Love this place!	2014-06-26	0	0	0
s56GFRvIiJt6m-OplK9IXg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	5	Yum yum yum, this place was wonderful. -  - Bouchon is everything you expect from fine dining, without the pressure of acting snotty and getting super dressed up.  It has the kind of service you'd expect when paying approximately $50 per person.  I never had an empty water glass [they leave a bottle of water on the table, but you never have to fill it yourself.... they keep coming to fill up your glass].  They clean the bread crumbs off your table between courses.  They make suggestions for food and drinks without pressuring you or up-selling.  All in all a wonderful experience. -  - The food--exceptional.  My fiance started with their onion soup and then had their entree special, braised short ribs.  It was served with some kind of potato gratin or something, which were wonderful!  The short ribs had some kind of glaze that gave it a very rich flavor without being overwhelming.  I had their tasting plate of cheeses [sadly, I didn't pay enough attention to find out the names of the cheeses] which were different, but all good.  For my entree, I had their croque madame which brought me back to Paris.  I felt like I was back at that little cafe next to Notre Dame.  Yum-o.  Sadly, my beau and I were too stuffed to try their desserts, but we would definitely come back, so maybe next time!	2009-10-06	0	0	0
m-7O9eSloqvUPsew5kcApA	AhP_vpSv3r8EU9_Xkej69A	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	5	I followed Melinda here when my last Dr. closed her practice to move to another state. I have never been more at ease at a dentist's office than this one. The staff are great and Dr. White is by far the best dentist I've had. I love how they show you pictures of your teeth in the big screen tv so you can see for yourself what needs to be done and why. -  - Melinda and Jenn (hygienist) are excellent with my little girls who usually are with me during my visits.  -  - My previous dentists ended up not moving and reopened her practice, but I'm very happy with Dr. White.	2014-01-23	0	0	0
WK48jtyJoIifpzvPPXqYhQ	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	X9oGM2Uvpu4qeYGRwQLWAg	4	First timer so far they provide an excellent service, in a customer friendly environment. Oh wow ... I'm impressed the food is DELISH will definitely recommend this place. AWESOME !	2013-09-30	0	0	0
HbWMLqFG3b4sswUuX5dj6A	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	Brought another friend to share in this family run place.  She loved it as much as I do.  A great array of brews...I am partial to the lager.  She loved the fruity pomegranate brew.  We split a yummy, tangy kale salad, an order of pretzel bread, a bbq chicken flatbread and my favorite, Lumpia, a Phillipine type egg roll.  There was a band playing on stage...a group of OLD guys who really did a great Grateful Dead set...not too loud, just right.  Its a nice, comfy, family run, neighborhood place...you should try it.	2013-07-10	0	0	0
f2zOpKuqEkbdk39ySUp-Yg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	aYzA3OgsAN3f3WJPucYCAQ	4	Not bad.  Got there at 11:30 on a Friday. Waited about 30 min total - Brunch was $39 pp - No real nigiri sushi or shrimp.  I was expecting some crab legs but there were none.  - Wait staff was attentive and courteous.	2013-12-27	0	0	0
X_wOIy-sEKKC3Zu4tLHvCw	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Can you say frozeeeeen hot chocolate?? The frozen hot chocolate is so yummy!! Last year on four square if you check in, you can get a coupon for a free frozen hot chocolate if you spend $10+ and have your total rewards card! I don't know if that promo is still going on for this year... -  - Anyways, the prices here are fair... a little on the pricier side, but not bad for what you get. As far as other food... it's pretty good, but not the greatest. Portions are about average, kind of small for the price. Sometimes food here can take a long time to come out.  -  - The wait for a table can get pretty long sometimes... but there is a to-go window if you prefer that. I've never ordered from there before though. Service here isn't the greatest, but it's not bad either. Personally, I would come here just for the frozen hot chocolate. There are many different flavors. I always get the coffee one and it's never disappointed me.	2014-02-05	0	0	0
AjYl8qUPw2quQgn2TG3Hkw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	xfEYvPjYPvmnUZMqveO-nw	5	Hands down my favorite view on the strip. The patio offers a superb place to people watch and view the fountains at the Bellagio. The food is traditional French, They do a good job, which is no small task considering how many people they serve in a day. A nice assortment of entrees and a large wine list.	2014-05-25	0	0	0
Hea10lNfBfxhXQ0vQ6sXSg	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	KKUcZs6YSXR3-E0RBFjpcQ	5	Absolutely love this restaurant! Celebrated my husbands birthday here with friends and everyone is still raving about it. Ambiance is modern, food is fantastic and service was great, but expect to pay for it. Highly recommend if you're looking for a fantastic restaurant in Vegas!	2013-01-13	0	0	0
xP8T5vE-2iKCDygCkmz3xg	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	3	Already lowered my raing...hopefully a fluke on a bad day...but brought two friends to the place I'd been raving about and all they kept saying is "I hope you put this on Yelp".  We opted to sit outside altho it was a hot Phoenix day and I think that may have thrown the staff out as it was like pulling teeth trying to get water, napkins, etc.  It was Happy Hour when we got there, but a good server would of let us know when it was close to ending so we could replenish with another drink so when the bill came and we saw the difference in price of our beers, we were a tad put off.  One diner ordered a flatbread pizza, the other a burger.  We think our server decided to hold off serving the burger till the pizza was ready as the burger and fries were cold.  They did replace it but no attempt to adjust the bill or add a dessert or drink.  Just an 'I'm sorry" which I suppose is better than nothing.  I am willing to give it one more try to see if we just hit it on an off day.  I hope so.  Food is tasty and my friend who enjoys a good craft beer absolutely LOVED her choice.  She called it fruit salad beer.  We'll see.	2013-05-15	0	0	0
hsUQsHEVKrCha_3SrutdIw	7UStzgu75kpOKBoc2JnmVw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Shopping just got so much easier here!! You no longer have to wait in line at the cash registers! While I was scouring the clearance clothes racks, a sales clerk on the floor approached me.  She let me know that I can check out my purchases as long as I am paying with a debit or credit card with anyone on the floor wearing the bright lime green shirts! The lime green shirts stood out so  I had no problem spotting  a clerk down once I was ready to make a dent in my bank account.  They all carry a handheld device that scans your merchandise and once you get ready to pay they scan your card.  You can have a printed receipt, have it emailed to you, or both!! No waiting in line. Super convenient!  You can also get the same services as the department stores like free alterations if you have their reward card. When I bought a long sundress, the sales clerk at the fitting room suggested that their tailor can hem my dress and finish it while I shopped. Got measured and my dress was ready in 15 minutes! How awesome is that?  That's what makes Nordy's  the leader in customer service!	2012-10-01	6	1	5
sjlqLxMjqa77-E2SDzWflQ	5IWu0xhlZEopvIz3w7o_3w	hB-tmatI2am8ZqqDGr75DA	4	Fantastic restaraunt.  Attentive and friendly service.   -  - Great food (like a prix fixe lunch for $25 with ample beef filet perfectly cooked and seasoned and a massive cheese cake desert that I couldn't even start at lunch because of all of the food with the first 2 courses). -  - Looking forward to future shopping trips to the Forum Shops so I can work in another lunch. -  - Even though they are connected to a fancy restaurant group - this place realizes its in a mall and keeps a relaxed atmosphere - come as you are and enjoy a nice meal.	2013-12-07	0	0	1
983ew99cof3oBYmK3YbjCg	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	g6XGO78kpR2a-rfZkBW28A	4	My favorite all-you-can-eat sushi spot.  Extensive appetizer menu including baked mussels and himachi kama. Yummmm! If you like heat, try their 911 roll. Absolutely delicious! -  - I give it a 4, not because of the food (food is definitely 5 stars), but the service is hit or miss. I would suggest sitting at the bar. The chefs are always great. The waiters...not so much.  -  - Quick tip: expect a 20-30 minute wait if you go around lunch time or in between 5 and 7.	2010-08-09	0	0	0
pL0W--DVShmcVTTRjOAvMA	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	o1qNpvRDOo5IumOPKuN8Cg	5	Love this place ... A friend introduced me and it is now my GO TO place.  Yummy and great drinks	2014-07-05	0	0	0
CvYWQHP5m8r2ENhGpRfwYw	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	l0dST7wki3yOpzBf739o-g	4	I've been meaning to write this review and finally get the time to.  This is a cute little family-like place.  Only open for breakfast and lunch.  Every time we come in we are greeted and it always feels genuine not like some line someone is trained to say.  On our first visit, Nick, the owner, saw us (me and my husband) admiring the great black and white photos on the wall; he came over to share some Greek family history with us...it was great!  Several servers came to our table and made sure we had everything we needed.  The food was sooo good - freshly made!  The only thing I would recommend is to get some chairs without arms.  I have a chunky uncle that I would love to bring with me and share the awesome food and great service with, but I honestly don't think he would be comfortable (if he fits in them at all).  I'll be back soon.  OPA!!!	2013-07-30	0	0	0
wHrQb-H9IPk_fb-ACfG5Kw	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	Tonight we had a special request for the staff...a guest who is on a gluten-free diet and is allergic to all dairy products.  Our waitress, Julie, bent over backwards to accomodate him and made us all feel comfortable with the choices.  I really do LOVE this place.  After watching Hell's Kitchen, I was craving Chicken parm...and it was yummy...it would have impressed Gordon Ramsey.  Our bottle of chianti was smooth.  The tiramusis - to die for.	2012-08-28	0	0	1
L2sF-MwNVLgnpWc1--mqsg	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	ysGiD3bMHO3wBw9UAEiwsw	5	Thrilled with this place. For the price/quality/service it merits at least 4 stars. The fifth star is a bonus for their baguettes. They are unreal. Our table devoured 4 of them and we never heard any complaints. I recommend the mussels and then dipping their unreal bread into the garlicky buttery amazingness the mussels are served with. Steak frites was also quite good as well as the fish and chips. Didn't have to wait long to sit outside (great view of the strip) and everyone left completely satisfied. Looking forward to coming here again!	2013-05-13	0	0	0
7d6AWw7NB4M_Z6f0VjaeQg	4GQhbPvGU5r23YdVm8EmkQ	pLO4JmiEo7Gz3rtUYg2xvw	1	We went to Ferraros a year ago and the food and service were mediocre: however one of our execs wanted to go back this year because he felt the food was authentic Italian. Reservations were made for 8 for 7:30p. 31/2 hours before our reservation we decided we could not make our reservation. I called to cancel. I was rudely told by the manager that my credit card would be charged $50/person ($400) for cancelling less than 48 hours in advance, Who knows 2 days before that you will not  be able to keep a dinner reservation? I told her not to charge my card that I was not giving her permission to do so. I asked to speak to the owner and was told he would be available in 1/2 hour. I called back to have a very rude man tell me "his manager told him about me and that he had already charged my credit card. Then he hung up on me without even giving me a chance to say anything. I called back and he refused to speak to me. Needless to say I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone mainly because I was treated so poorly.	2009-02-25	0	0	4
UdhA--T2NUWWaS1EAzmFbw	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	5	I've been going to Hot N Juicy for awhile!  Since the first one opened and my friend/coworker Elise introduced me back in 2007 so I figured it's time I write a review.   -  - It's pretty much my main place to go when I'm craving Cajun.  I've been to New Orleans before and dare I say, this is just as good and as authentic!!  The price is decent, I mean it will be at least in the teens for anything, it is seafood.  If it's your first time here then you must get a 2 lbs. bag of craw fish with the Hot N Juicy special flavor mix.	2012-01-24	1	0	2
deQdIP10TWzeS1bVo9NGbw	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	fqQ43W4f3GWEypXmc5FcOg	4	The Parlor is a chic new pizza place for me, perfect for meeting the girlfriends for lunch.  We arrived early (11:25) and avoided the wait.  Five minutes later and it would have been different, but that's just a sign of something good, right?   -  - My friends ordered from the very unique cocktail menu and we started with an antipasti plate with meat/cheese.  Very high quality and amazing tapenades to accompany the selections we made.  Nice start.   -  - We each ordered something different and mine was delicious - the arugula/beet/goat cheese salad.  It was exceptionally fresh and the dressing was mild but perfect to highlight the other elements in the salad.  My friends were equally impressed with their dishes.  One ordered the spicy seafood pasta (don't remember the correct name) and was stoked.   -  - Oh, and the service was great.  Really couldn't have asked for anything better.	2012-06-20	0	0	0
1NgrzPayAvYJAnSeSK8KrQ	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	uu3Aw_m5e7Chv7Sdu9cW8A	5	First I have to say the Cosmo hotel is AMAZING! didn't know where to grab a bite to eat and saw Holsteins....atmosphere was great, loved the graffiti vibe/pics on the wall/menu covers/etc. Service was great...my boyfriend got the standard burger with the stek fries...yum and I got the mini burgers. They were the perfect size! Every restaurant should have mini burgers for the ladies who want a burger but just can't eat the whole thing.... - After I tried the steak fries I had to order a side for myself....everything was awesome...their drink list was never ending...the amount of beers they have is great! we had to shock tops (not too many places carry that and it's my favorite).... - We'd definitely go back...almost did for the second time on that trip! :)	2011-03-10	0	0	0
IaQtXVFVbaDOB9BP5FeU8A	-llVVJ6nzq_Io2o-m3EOEQ	S6AvVYHwd949SIwIvcwB8w	1	What pieces of crap that work here. Nick is supposed to be a manager, he is more than a joke. As a matter of fact, in the midst of complaining, he's got the nerve to laugh! Greg, another one. What are these animals? Used car salesmen? Initially I called them to find out if a color cabinet I wanted was really going to be discontinued, or if another company was just trying to rush me into buying. When I originally called, someone answered and said all the salespeople were out of the office, but to email him the image of what I wanted and the quote I got because there was NO DOUBT they couldn't be beat. (RIGHT) I called back on Monday to find out if my image was received and Greg was trying to argue that the person I KNOW I had spoke to was off that day so it was impossible. Actually arguing back and forth with me telling me I was wrong. Anyhow, I just needed an answer to see if the cabinets were going to be discontinued. Whatever. He called me back and said that he was wrong (duh) and the guy who I spoke with was actually in the warehouse that day and I did speak to him. (No shi*t really?) Anyway, he said that the color I wanted really is going to be discontinued. He then told me to give him a little bit and he will get me a quote. I told him it would be easier if he had someone come out and measure because all I gave him was an auto cad drawing of someone else's design. He said he could figure it out base on the photo and if I liked the price he would send someone out to double check. However, he knew what I had. So I let him run with it. He calls me back the next day and tells me that it was almost 6k. I said that's impossible, how is it almost a thousand dollars more? And he said well you have 36 inch cabinets. I said no they are 30 inch cabinets. He said they look really tall to be 30 inch cabinets. So I said I work around the corner I will go home and measure them on my lunch break. So I did, I called him back and said they are 30 inches. I don't know what is wrong with this guy and his constant need for confirmation. He must have been abandoned as a child or something. He says ok, that will definitely change the price and he will call me back. So he calls me back AGAIN and tells me "forty-eight-eighty-eight" I said excuse me? he said $4,888. I said ok. That's only about $150 cheaper but I will come in anyway and I made an appointment for tomorrow (Saturday) at 10am. Now, my husband will be at work tomorrow, so he asked for a quote since he couldn't come. He emailed Greg yesterday, and finally got one today at 5pm. Now this $4,888 turned into $5,886. So naturally, I call and ask why is it a thousand dollars more than he quoted me? He said It was originally $6888 I said no it wasn't. Why would I even bother making an appointment if you were 2 grand more than another company? Then he said look I'm not going to argue with you here. And I said you're right. You're not and I hung up on him. Then I called back and decided to ask for the store manager. Another animal named Nick. I start complaining about how the attitude I got from Greg was disgusting and I don't know who he thinks he was talking to and it was an embarrassment that he represents Cardell, and I would be calling them. Then he starts to laugh and says are you finished yelling? Oh, I wasn't yelling. Believe me. I said you think I am a joke? I want the phone number to the owner of the company. Then he laughs again and said there is no owner of the company. So I replied is this is a joke to you? What is so funny? I will go out there and chew you up! Then I hear silence. He hangs up on me! Now I am really mad. I call back and ask for the owners name and he said ma'am I'm going to cal the cops you said you were going to shoot me up and hangs up again. What animals. Shoot you up. Well thank you for insulting my accent on top of that. These beasts are like used car salesmen or even worse... Time share consultants. Try to bring you in and trap you. Go elsewhere! 8 complaints from this store alone within a year from BBB, and a blank section on about us on their website. Yeah.. There is nothing about you. You're worthless.	2013-06-21	0	0	3
wfXt_aNa_DD543n1nC3AFg	3ZKcmh0XczhqVSkbn9ucuw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Dr. Carrie and Dr. Lee are the bomb. I was referred to this office by a random meeting of a nurse in line at Costco. She was spot on. They both are so great with kids and genuinely seem to care about what's best for all involved. Like the previous reviewer said they have 2 waiting rooms (one for the sickies and one for the well kids). The atmosphere is cheery and inviting (which is key for little ones who are about to get shots). The staff is very friendly and accommodating (My boy needed to go to the doctor today for a sore throat and they got him in at 10:30am).  -  - As long as I am living in the Vegas valley...Dr. Carrie and crew will be taking care of my kids medical needs :)	2011-02-04	0	0	3
gvQ2epmyVvo1oM9cuTQp3w	n4kQBw7XX1tSJMPhM5SyAQ	lgJXQ8UQPpUOe78RAsAjzw	5	Love this outlet! They have my favorite brands like J.crew, nike & h&m! I'm glad it's only 10mins away from my house. I don't have to drive all the way to anthem or the other side of town just to go the outlet. They are still growing, I've discover more stores that opened ever since their grand opening. Steve Maden, Nestle toll house and much more.. They have good sales during the holiday too, the lucky brand jeans that I got was 60% off! Love it!	2014-07-09	0	0	0
gSSL757pbMw6k_NwGZuMiw	WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	First timer to this place. My dad and I wandered around in here, looking at everything and talking about the really good deals we saw. Dad even came away with a purchase: a can opener!  -  - They have a restaurant, a mini bistro, a play area for kids, etc here...pretty cool! -  - We didn't go upstairs, however, so I will save that venture for another time. Saw some things I'd like to get upon future visits.  -  - The only thing I thought was weird was the whole maze and how claustrophobic each entryway seems on a packed day like today was. Guess it takes some getting used to (the maze, that is). -  - Found the store to be really cool, however, but then again I am a nerd when it comes to some things!	2014-03-14	1	0	0
MJTt6Gc_D6NbrHRcHX2osA	9Bnc9YP0n5cR57xkP6fQmQ	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	5	Top of the World was a treat. I have been to a rotating restaurant in Phoenix and it is pretty high up there. Top of the World was way up there, I mean way up there, with beautiful and exciting views. The sunset was amazing. -  - Our waitress was very good. She made sure our cocktails were just right. TOTW has a nice wine list. We ordered a bottle of Tat. -  - For dinner I had the Turf and Quack. Everything was perfectly cooked. -  - Creme brle for dessert. Delicious. -  - The band was quite good. -  - TOTW was such a nice evening.  A must in Vegas.	2012-06-09	0	0	0
VwUxfi_hpWjuKaa2PWRO1g	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	qhIgBpJks1zKBjwBP8Mjmw	2	We were told by the concierge that they served brunch on Sat, so we went for that. However, when we got there, they only had lunch. The food tends to run around $20 a plate. A cup of tea was $4. When we received the food, it was greasy and overfried. Not very tasty at all. Overall, we left highly disappointed. Maybe they are good for drinks, brunch, or a late night snack, but lunch was a bad idea.	2011-03-01	0	0	0
9UE_EasbCJnuQswnIO81Ig	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	b2burjDh3jFs3u1VC_OUHQ	5	Absolutely delicious and and good presentation. I had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made. -  - Inexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket	2013-12-05	1	0	1
-gCFzdRuBuxTnukZX8m_3A	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	5	5 stars every time. Love the happy hour. If my dog could speak, he would probably beg me to take him to the OHSO back patio more often. Thanks for being so uber dog friendly OHSO! The burgers here are not to be missed and grab a pitcher of beer, it usually makes more sense financially and you're going to want to hang out for a while.	2013-07-16	0	0	0
kqCRjt8m-yTK9lsNRixqZQ	WorzvsB28dlSnCyuNslSdA	Wj-8vULuUnXdHsV4AQCEQQ	4	I have noticed most Goodwills seem ton"specialize" in certain items. This particular store seems to regularly have good options in the clothing and big furniture areas. I have bought many nice dress shirts from this store, and they are often much nicer here than you get at other Goodwills. And they always have plenty of desks, shelves, and couches. -  - The store is well lit and relatively spacious. You will occasionally get blocked from an aisle because of an elderly person or someone with an overloaded cart. -  - Beware the 50% off Saturdays which happen every other week. These can be great times to find great deals, but the crowds can be really annoying. Check out times will slow to a crawl because people are buying lots of stuff. My advice for this is to go during the week and see if there is anything you want. Then go first thing when they open (9am) and pick it up right away. That way you don't waste time fighting crowds just to find there wasn't anything you wanted anyway. -  - I live near this Goodwill so I pop in regularly, which you will need to do to find the best deals. I always manage to find something worth buying.	2014-04-05	0	0	0
qinWz7F5eOVF9bmEpOwmew	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	MB9kA-ljmg0Bw8hWPUHy_A	5	My favorite mall in Las Vegas. Nordstrom, Neimans, Macy's...all the major department stores, plus a TopShop, big H&M and Forever 21. Being on the strip attracts the crowds, but it's big enough to handle them. To add a little excitement to the shopping experience, every hour or so there is a fashion show right in the middle of the mall.	2014-01-09	0	0	0
jsm3KFbQnZBqKdtT9FcwjA	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	qmvLXtui-i6KNcjMy7FVQw	2	I was really disappointed tonight! My baguette was a little soggy and the cafe sua da was definitely not the same. Let's hope these kinks get worked out in due time because I know a lot of us have been waiting for Vegas to get a Lee's for a long time now.	2011-03-17	0	0	0
tFvL7BFJHmscvY8_JKCP1w	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	1cZHyRrbNbUhsmm6BdzELA	5	One of my most memorable meals in recent  memory. The strip is littered with a bunch of restaurants, respectively owned by their own celebrity chef. With so many great dining choices, how does one go about choosing a place to satiate their appetite as well as tantalize their tastebuds??? Being that I was in Vegas for my bachelor party, I didn't find this dilemma too challenging. I figured...I'm with the guys so let's do steak and martinis. With my objective in mind...I set out to find a steakhouse worthy of our patronage. After considering such places as Craftsteak, N9ne, and Delmonicos...CUT was the restaurant that won me over. Such decadent offerings as the braised pork belly and bone marrow flan is what ultimately lured me here.  -  - We missed our 7pm reservation because we missed our flight out of SFO. We arrived in Vegas a little past 7 and considering it was a Thursday, I figured that it might be slow enough for them to squeeze us in on a later reservation. So I call the restaurant and they are able to accommodate us with a 9:30 reservation. My first impression was "Awesome!," because I was so looking forward to eating here and would have been been a major let down if I wasn't able to. Given that this place closes at 10:00, I was worried that we would be rushed through our meal and quickly ushered out of the resturant, and that the whole experience would be ruined because of it. Much to my pleasant suprise, it was quite the contrary. -  - Service was stellar from beginning to end. What we had to eat... -  - Appetizers:  - Braised pork belly - this was delicious and wonderfully fatty without being overwhelming -  - Entree: - 14oz aged ribeye with bone marrow topping - one of the best steaks I've ever had. Seared perfectly on the outside with a light char and a juicy pink medium center. There is a generous amount of bone marrow and it is rich, fatty, and flavorful. Each bite of my steak would be accompanied by a piece of marrow. I found this delectable and euphoric at first, but after awhile it did get a little too rich for me. I still loved it however, and highly recommend it. -  - CUT was my first experience in Vegas of fine dining and with the number of high class restaurants, each with their own prospective celebrity chefs, my expectations were high and I'm glad that CUT did not disappoint. Food, ambience, and service were all meshed seamlessly.  -  - I'll be back most definitely.	2011-10-04	0	0	1
us79WZcTQ5lH_EticmhReA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	Joined @SMUNCHPhoenix at @GalloBlanco. -  - For my first breakfast at Gallo, I ordered Chilaquiles Verde, and my girlfriend had the Chorizo and Eggs. -  - We were both very happy with our choices! -  - The chilaquiles was delicious, with the crispy corn tortillas providing a nice contrast. -  - The chorizo and eggs were definitely in line with what I consider to be authentic. -  - I am definitely a fan of Gallo, and will return as often as time and money allow.	2011-01-22	1	1	2
S88j8pjYnIMf2sUgg2glWA	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	3	Gordon Ramsey's STEAK restaurant had great atmosphere and the staff was very friendly however, I do have a few complaints, myself and my party of approximately 5 others sat up stairs around a large round table which seemed to sit relatively close to the other tables and patrons and normally this would not have been but because of the close proximity of the tables the wait staff continually pushed (vigorously) against my chair as they passed through to serve the patrons at the table beside mine and this proved to be rather annoying as the evening went on. Other than the table issue that was my only complaint about the wait staff or the restaurant itself, now on to the food, the steak was delicious! I ordered a cut called the "rib cap" which as the server stated this is "Gordon Ramsey's" favorite because it is a cross between two other cuts. My steak was medium and cooked to absolute perfection, the flavor was wonderful and the texture was like butter! Steak definitely is their speciality however everything else was pretty subpar or not worthy of a $800 check. The fingerling potatoes were equivalent to almost any restaurant as was the Mac and cheese and the Brussels sprouts, I expected the sides to be much better but the quality just wasn't there. My wife ordered the sea bass which was visually beautiful but definitely left much to be desired in the flavor department, I was really disappointed with her dish because although I realize we are in the middle of the desert, I would have hoped the fish would still have been better than those found throughout restaurants in Las Vegas. Their saving grace however, the drinks were amazing and I highly recommend the "south side" which is a play on a mojito but uses champagne.	2014-02-14	0	0	0
hTpnfTpooCFqHe-ZL4yC_w	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	6RuyOE6fXF5QzSeKAOTCrw	2	ummm this is just like an IHOP. if you have friends or family in town-- don't bring them here. the lights are cool inside... it's only a decent place to go when you have the munchies late at night. food wasn't that great.	2013-09-27	0	0	1
2_aOZDFhrInPde9mlGOvfA	WhBxWYRj6rycigYqdXY9cA	rLO8KVzqmftEI_Igz0-BFQ	3	Cheese curds were good but don't eat too much because you'll have a tummy ache afterwards. Great Dane pub wings was ok, there wasn't anything special about it. Buffalo Mac and Cheese was way too cheesy. Overall, food was ok but staff was friendly and welcoming.	2014-06-06	0	0	0
DLId6ZQlntTknImlHqZ4PA	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	2GE6STh-vgIqUKlShyALeg	1	Awful service, hit and miss food.  It was a revolving door on the wait staff.  Our waitress showed her face to take our order then everyone else had to pick up the slack.  I had to flag down bus staff for drink refills.  The good taco was the braised beef and the rest was okay.  Really the service is what blew it.  Walked up to the manager to have him tab me out after waiting 10 min with a cleared table.  Then he forgot to return my card.  Not going back.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
HsPS_0NvSjARYeuAIWImGw	2GX0N7hHmR9EuROfQ6fktg	jYatk8cX1GSa0D0Ej7JjXg	5	Bought another handgun and some other items. Same great courteous service and patience. Also, I was impressed with the fact that the associate I dealt with tried to sell me additional items pertaining to my purchase. Contrary to most opinions, I appreciate that coming from a sales managerial background. Most people are foolishly irritated by this, because they ignorant to the fact that retail environment make the most profits off the accessories and not the main item. Also, if they like the establishment they do business with then support them by buying from their local dealer rather than nickel and dimeing on the Internet. In reality, you are only supporting your local economy rather than sending your money somewhere else. Bottom line, support your local dealer and quit being cheap! Thank you Shooter's Vault. MW	2011-10-06	0	1	0
QQmrmwwObhUyZzUHiPW2tw	VLRmecRseHP8ZLljlp7CFw	Pu5ki660EGyk3Ugg-GxEsQ	1	What a disappointment!  -  - Went tonight with wife and our 11-month old daughter, looking forward to giving a locally-owned store some business and picking a special present for our little gal.  -  - Great selection of toys, cute store, lots of interesting things right inside the door. However, after 20 minutes, no-one had acknowledged us, said hello, offered assistance ... nothing. This despite the owners and two young employees were walking around and only 1-2 other customers were in the store. -2 stars. -  - Asked the gal behind the counter if we could open an item for our daughter to try it out. This would have required removing 2-3 pieces of tape, but no - not possible. -1 star. -  - But the straw that really broke the old camel's back came when we were offered to sign up for their mailing list. Members of the list get a little birthday gift every year. Great, we thought - our daughter's birthday is two days away. Alas, "she'll have to wait till next year" because store policy dictated a few more days notice! Say what? Yep, "wait till next year" we were told again. -more stars than I can deduct!!! -  - So we took our $50 purchase and left disappointed with no plans to return. Even Buy Buy Baby has 10x better customer service, greets you, offers assistance (sometimes even too much), but a mom & pop store can't even say hello and welcome, or see the awkwardness in denying a birthday gift to a first customer who could have become a regular for the next 10 years?  -  - Hello and goodbye, Kidstop. Never again.	2012-08-09	0	0	1
Amr6d0fFEJazwUK8rk-l4A	6imLt53br7SJ3av07jjH7w	h1GORHU6lwaHjVyUh56ikA	5	I walk out drunk and fed for less than $30. Then I go home and show my dick to all the naysayers and their mothers. Go fuck yourself. If you write yelp reviews religiously and don't know what soppresatta is then you need to choke on dick you ignorant pretentious whore.	2013-10-19	1	2	1
zSHyKSmKF6h_L5f5wR1F8Q	HXATHtS6NpV7UrOVZZ4PGw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	This place is bigger than a convenience store but smaller than a grocery store. Clean and organized.  It's a cross between TJ's and WF's as far as products go.  Nice variety of healthier alternatives, organic options and a fair selection of grocery items. -   - I like the meats they sell do not have pink slime and the ready to eat sausages have no nitrates. Their vegetables are fresh.  Note: since there are no  preservatives they tend to spoil quicker, so buy in small bunches.  -  - The pre made meals are not frozen either and they have alot to choose. Most of the dishes Ive tried are surprisingly  good! Especially the Asian and Thai foods.   It is so convenient when you just want to prepare a quick and easy meal for yourself or your family.   -  - The store is easy to navigate around. The grocery clerks are always helpful and friendly.   There is always someone on the floor if you have a question. They do have self serve checkout stands.  The voice prompts on the register makes it easier to use.  Plus there is also always a grocery store clerk too in the area to help you if you are having difficulty scanning items.  Just ask them if you are not sure how to use your coupons for discounts off your grocery.  Nine times out of ten the grocery clerks there will bag your groceries and load them in your cart even though it's self serve. -   - Prices on some items are a little more expensive than the grocery store chains in the area.  It balances out though especially when you use your coupon from their weekly ad that they mail out.  Plus their "Friends" rewards card rocks!  Based on dollars spent you are reward points that transfers to dollars off.   Ive accumulated as much as $10 worth of points then plus my coupon, I spent $15 on groceries. I saved 30 that time!  Plus I got more coupons via email on the items that I buy regularly which I can reuse for the whole month!  I -  - This is a neat place and my go to market because Ive saved alot of money.	2012-09-17	3	0	6
CPi3UWNRxwRzsWf1Ma1SjA	k50mFc8dCvmqGVkexg6iGw	kCXKKXr_FAOrjaWbojyXtw	1	horrible business practices -  - these guys are telemarketing monsters. you know the constant calls even when you've asked them to stop -- its these guys! -  - do not give them your business! go somewhere else.	2010-06-30	0	0	0
qoDE4LrPC59-8QLbN0Zh9g	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	3	It was alright.  It bothered me how loud the music was playing, it made the other people in the restaurant talk louder to hear them.  It bothered me that they have no table cloth and after a while blood is smeared all over.  It bothered me that the meat cutters would a lot of times by pass my "red" card and start carving me meat because Joey M. had a "green" card.  The meat itself was mediocre, it needed more seasonings.  It was fine as long as you have it medium rare, but medium was really dry and a little chewy.  The shrimp at the salad bar were the small shrimp, in fact the shrimp at Red Rock Buffet for $15 a person were bigger.  I'm just saying for $50 a person I expected more.  I expected Fogo de Chao so next time I will just go to Fogo instead.  I would rather go to Fogo on my birthday pay for the meal, then go to Texas de Brazil and eat for free.  The tap water tasted funky too.	2014-01-21	0	1	1
7Jyk_QrGgcx6PPc4eLYrag	zKFX8BVTWYZNa2vJ46UdmQ	oCvMeYROtvGBdzNDLFyh8Q	2	This place is ghetto.	2010-12-31	1	0	1
fpxFjGhaZL8DgtQn7r6j7Q	ianvVTA81I6lilpN1e0Cig	qau5rs-9lf7zloiI4mhA_Q	1	This store is full of that cheap, cutesy, country crap.  It's all made in China and then astronomically overpriced by these ladies.  The sales staff was uppity and rude.  -  - You can get this junk on ebay for half the price.	2011-05-27	0	0	0
d8qWOz9yr8LNPUjQFTUpqQ	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	5	My clothes smell like onions.  Glorious.	2009-02-21	5	13	5
f12STxE2_AZEi0hMz3wmAQ	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	fdD-3xvA8sCAdZxTaFlRXw	5	Well the greek salad is the bomb as far as i'm concerned i eat it prob 2 times a week and evrybody is friendly and very attentive to customers needs!!!  As well as the owner Nick he is always going around to all the tables and talking and making sure all needs are met and his employees are doing a good job!!! I will continue going down for lunch and I've had many breakfasts that were the best if for no other reason than the scrambled eggs are so fluffy and tasty i could just go in and have a plate of them!!!  thanks Mr. mama's for good job !!!!	2013-06-03	1	0	1
YwP8D-blTaumVx9lQNp4iQ	jq_YnMQjcArdBWuwRospFg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	I've been waiting to change from four stars to five and tonights dining experience did it.  The staff always makes us feel like one of their family and tonight was no different.  My eggplant parmesan was mouth-watering accompanied with their house Chianti.  Friday night live jazz always a pleasure.  Thanks, Julie, for noticing my hair...yours was adorable as well!  BTW...the place was packed...you may need a reservation!	2013-03-22	0	0	0
iU9uW3Rvm-yE69ZRxFlpAQ	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	5	Cibo is hands down, my favorite gourmet sandwich place in town. You can't go wrong here...their caprese, spek and pulled pork sandwiches are among my faves (served with a nice, lightly dressed house salad or fresh fruit, yogurt and crunchy granola - skip the chips because they're just store bought in a bag), and if you are lucky enough to go on a day when they have their meatball sandwich special, don't even hesitate - it's so delicious. -  - Also, consider having a private party at their adorable carriage house, it's separate from the main restaurant and used for parties of 10+. I went to lunch with 10 or so coworkers and we reserved it; the service was awesome and we had the place all to ourselves!  -  - My only small gripe with Cibo is their refusal to split checks; I just think it's really annoying when restaurants refuse to recognize the reality of modern dining that more often than not, people in a group are not going to all be paying as one. They're nice enough when you ask them to split it evenly between credit cards, though, so as I said, it's only a minor complaint.	2010-06-24	1	0	2
TZMnwbw66dfbV6nlhffMFQ	DR1k5qCRvTFYxHGiBUJimw	c97L-JxPZ5EDnhq6SMc9Hw	1	I also wrote this same review under just Dr. Hunt, but I figured I should also put it on their office to review as well.  -  - I have a very detailed review regarding my experience with Dr. Hunt and her staff on google and Angie's list, however, I am limited on my space, so I will only tell the basics. -  - I had been a patient of Dr. Hunt's office for over 4 years. Dr. Hunt even delivered my 1st baby. Until I was pregnant, I never saw the same Dr. or NP twice in a row. Once I became pregnant, I mostly saw just Dr. Hunt (besides 2 times because she wasn't in). Throughout the years the waiting time got longer and longer. Almost every time I went in, the waiting room was full. There were times I waited up to an hour and 15 minutes, while I was pregnant. There were also times that I had to reschedule because they had over booked their patients and I didn't have the time to wait because I had to go back to work. Basically, they seemed to be very unorganized. -  - The staff were friendly, but very incompetent and had lack of communication.It makes sense why they had such a high turnover, and even then, they couldn't get it right. I can't even tell you how many messages I had left with no avail, which is what ultimately led to me finally finding another Doctor. -  - Dr. Hunt is a very knowledgeable doctor, however, she lacks the bed side manner that most women want in an Ob/gyn. She comes off very passive and, at times, very insincere. -  - It turns out, that if you have any questions or concerns and Dr. Hunt is not "available", whether it be her day off or she's out of town, you are to wait until her return.This had happened to me on numerous occasions. Not even her medical assistant, Anne, is able to get a hold of her and/or answer you questions, nor does she know how to return phone calls. Finally, after much frustration, I spoke to Dr. Hunt. I was thinking that once I spoke to Dr. Hunt, I would express my concerns and she would make me feel better. To my surprise, she did the exact opposite. -  - I addressed my frustration regarding receiving a return call when I have questions or concerns about prescribed medicine and/ or a question I may of forgot to ask while I was in there earlier that day/week, and how I didn't like that it would take me several days to get an answer. She, Dr. Hunt, proceeded to tell that, if she was off or out of town and my concerns were not " an emergency" or "important", that I had to wait. I expressed my confusion and told her that I was shocked how she ran her office. It was then, with a very matter-of-fact attitude, she said to me " maybe it's time you find another doctor". Shocked, I told her, I planned to. I was in a bit of dis-belief that she was quick to shoo me as a patient, as well as, the fact that she had no regard to my concerns or the obvious problems within her office. -  - I have since found another doctor, which I really like, but I am upset that I stayed with Dr. Hunt for so long. I trusted her. I let her deliver my baby. I should've found another doctor earlier, but to be honest, I didn't want to look for a new one once I became pregnant, which is when things in her office, really, became an issue.   -  - This was, by far, the worst experience I have had with any kind of doctor. Lessened learned. I,now, do my homework when looking for doctors, which is how I found my new doctor, and hope it will help YOU to find a good doctor as well.	2014-02-27	0	0	5
uAJBlZGEkgFt-M4YHVqPHg	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	2	I would have given three stars but they charge you an "entertainment" tax of 18% when dining here.  They had two guys playing on stage and after we came in they sang TWO songs and were done for the night.  They were O.K. and actually I was glad when they were finished as they were a little too loud and I just wanted dinner.  And the service wasn't too great either. -  - For dinner we shared the Gator Pizza which was really quite good with just enough kick to it.  And we also shared the Paneed Chicken  which wasn't as good.  It had a strange flavor to it that I can't really describe.  We got a watermelon spritzer drink which was like a watermelon soda and that was really good. -  - Not sure if I will be back as I feel they should have informed me about the entertainment tax beforehand and the food is just O.K. nothing that I would want to pay an additional tax for!	2010-11-01	1	1	1
GM2ARDWLfbvr31tQPfeZUg	3e9IUI5Dt-ktDKEQNkENVA	YH12gcOM2VTaHIE8wY1vQg	1	So, I go into this walmart (on Thomas) at 8:30 last night. I am always reluctant to use a cart or basket for fear of what I'll catch, so when I do, I always grab a few cleaning towels and wipe down the object of contagion. None there. The lady who was greeting people while sitting down, turned away as I was fumbling among the empty containers. I gave up: I was probably already infected. -   - I shopped, gawked at the patrons, asked a couple of employees questions that they couldn't comprehend, and left about $20.00 lighter.  As I was walking back to my car, I watched a woman who had changed her child's diaper in the back of her van, look both ways and toss it under her car.  -   - I drove to the IHOP a few blocks away and washed up, relieved to know that I might now survive waltonitis. I carefully wiped down anything I had touched and have finally decided that I will NEVER shop at walmart again. I can do without dangerous uncivilized behavior. -  -  - ZERO STARS FOR THIS DUMP	2011-03-04	1	2	3
GJbK6jCgnA7vcC6jSCVBcQ	qGffC4h6UOTSkLhzjj59FQ	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	5	Braddah's was an amazing experience! I was skeptical because to be honest I hate Hawaiian food but this place is so fresh and tasty that I didn't get lost on the greasy Hawaiian I've tasted prior. Braddah's is a breath of fresh air and much needed for Las Vegas! They have tacos, burritos, bowls and salad so it does have an air reminiscent of chipotle but the food flavor index is vastly different. The choices of meat include a sweet marinated steak, a mild but tasty chicken, fish to die for and Kalua pig that was very good as well but I'm not much of a pork fan. The atmosphere is very friendly with a aloha as you walk in and mahalo when we walked out :) highly recommended!	2013-10-19	0	0	0
jWbuQx8t9ocPKoAeGkNHnQ	D_BMUHbZk67hzRcK3xQQmg	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	3	Food was Ok.  Probably won't be back.  Nothing special.  Mint Indian bistro is better.	2014-01-21	0	0	0
i31WwS-Nu9GNjq9DUEhKJA	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Cross a butcher, Wal Mart(prices and awesome crap like Bacon Salt and Cap'n Crunch), and Whole Foods(healthy stuff) and you get Glazers. My favorite grocery store in town. I wish they'd build one in central Las Vegas.	2013-01-14	0	0	0
uc4movvg2QPQMkIrtC7Nbg	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	I first fell in love with Japanese Yakiniku restaurants when we lived in the Bay Area and at having Korean bbq in Hawaii. BBQ grill meat at your table aka DIY BBQ! What a cool concept!  It took a while before we discovered there were a few restaurants in the Vegas Valley.  In fact I Yelp'd it! And thats what lead me to Sura. -  - Food: BBQ buffet AYCE joint.  We're usually here during when lunch menu items are served.  There's an array of of thin slices of  meats from brisket,  bulgogi beef, chicken, pork belly in its marinate. All well chilled and fresh bright red in color. Sides of different Korean vegtables and noodles,  a section with sushi, different deep fried appetizers, a section with 3 different kinds of soup and steamed white rice.  There's also a station where the condiments, salad fixins, lettuce wraps ,fruit, and jello cubes are. You can grab extra utensils at a cart set up near the buffet.  -   - Ambiance/ Service: Friendly and helpful Hostess greets and takes you to your table. Server will come by and start up the grill and take your drink order.  They're pretty attentive and will clean your grill when needed.  Also if it's your first time, they take time out to show you how to use the grill. (not that I dont know how, but Ive seen some diners that do have that lost look and needed help) The booths can accomodate 6 people by opening up the divider between the 2 tables. It can get smoky in there, but it's well ventilated.  Never had a problem with my hair smelling like bbq .   -  - Make sure you dont waste or take more food than you can finish. There is a huge sign right above the buffet that says they will charge extra for it. We've never had that problem of being charged extra and I have left a few items that I didnt care for left on my plate, but my husband's friend was charged extra.   -  - Overall it's a great place to get your Korean food fix!	2012-09-13	4	2	4
dWYWJfAywuCE3zqFklqZwg	mlgD0zcqkWdGBzX97NS-8g	p4VkQXcLH2FldlgdxqFp9Q	5	Went here on the Groupon. Had a nice experience this salon is HUGE. Amy H. Cut and did some color, the blow dry was extra and honestly blow drys make me fall asleep with my long hair. She was super friendly and liked what she did. Worth the money.	2014-03-13	0	0	0
3Ginog1-CQUEzaxbk69fbQ	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	4	Great food, but the bartenders need to learn a thing or two.	2012-12-18	0	0	0
uIwSWicUXOWbyUvF6RuLZw	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	iPh_cpXcsif7F5cU8s1bqg	5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in vegas....so far! I've been looking high and low for a good izakaya here and when my friend took me to this nice hole in the wall, i was instantly in love! My favorite dishes were the beef tongue skewers and the squid-natto-uni roll!!! Not only were the dishes to die for, the service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server was on it! I'd highly recommend this restaurant for those who love izakaya!	2011-04-29	0	0	0
wVYchQIABBP_1wXzRp_P_A	vIPNamLZH5dnIMFXzI9rUg	QDYycbzKLF0Sd6jgf0wDRQ	5	Just got my nails done yesterday with Tricia.  I LOVE my nails!  As I waited for her to set up for me I checked out the full set she had just completed.  A Halloween look, it had a glitter background with stars and moons carefully placed into the acrylic.  It seems Tricia can create anything you can dream up.  Onto my nails...I had originally scheduled a full set of white tips.  After Tricia checked out my nails, she opted to not place tips and just put acrylic over my naturally strong and curved nails.  I had heard of this option before, but it was never mentioned to me as a better alternative to tips at the usual high volume, "get me in and out in under an hour" shops I go to every now and then.  Tricia hand sculpted each nail perfectly.  She then recommended throwing a little glitter in the acrylic to give it some shine.  I was a little hesitant at first.  I liked the idea, but didn't want to much bling.  She adjusted the powder for me to give just the right amount of glitter to complete the simple look I wanted.  As I was paying I also checked out Brandi's (the owner) nails which had lace pressed into the acrylic.  Very cool!  Kashmir takes their time to create each look, and from what I've seen can complete anything you can imagine!  I also appreciated that Tricia decided not to do tips and grind half my nail off in the process!	2011-10-02	1	0	0
rsdxJ_X9zrjvNLgFR8LMyA	YacTpiq0ZptFcXD7I-kdGA	cN0XKFeD-H4D5KolR52znw	5	best steak i've ever had!	2008-11-09	0	0	0
XzUq4-G3SBd_2GavQ21ZBQ	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	aLQzy03gSfrFihPtiSY2pg	5	Love this place! Has an urban feel inside. I had the garlic shrimp tacos and they were AMAZING!! Tried the sweet potato fries (basically my favorite food) and they were very good. No comment on the beer (since I don't drink it) but they had a good sized selection.	2014-06-01	1	0	0
RlKOf2ZHxM6fWdrOBYoojg	anuT2XHtgBlEpzkS_vLIiQ	rU_uVQ72X9j0-Oz6x1Zs5A	5	My husband & I spent the whole day with the guys at a Trip Ink. We are so happy with the service and work done my husband got his whole upper arm done by Derek and plans a return trip to put on the chest part of it. I got not 1 by 2 pieces done by Rob & am very happy with both. I look forward to going back & putting some more detail into them.	2014-07-11	0	0	0
K4W4qgH5XYYdzDKMPobIIg	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	NjcyUo7zShTYnrUI1N4HLQ	5	That Hot N Juicy seasoning, though... ERMAHGERD, I can't get enough. I put it on everything. -  - The food is always so good and the staff is super friendly. I went with a group of five last time and we started with a pound per person and added on as needed - it comes out fairly quickly so you're not left waiting too long. ALSO - we had a variety of "spice tolerance" at our table ranging from "I think ketchup is spicy" to "bring the heat, baby!" and everyone ended up happy sharing EVERYTHING. Our waitress was really helpful - and they always are - to make sure everyone got what they wanted (secret - if you want it spicier, get extra sauce on the side!) -  - Being a desert dweller, seafood is kind of foreign... I always expect it to be super expensive and not be satisfied with the portions. That's not the case here. For what you get, the prices are VERY reasonable and I always have to roll myself on out of there after I've finished gorging.	2014-03-21	0	1	0
9OoylLE-L1tdQhKCaFJPvw	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	4	my boyfriend surprised me on valentines day and took me to this restaurant. it's been awhile since i had indian food and so far this is one of my favorites. i haven't try their kabobs but the curry's are to die for! i will definitely come and dine here again. The servers were so nice!	2014-02-15	0	0	0
IJFW_GSEXi7Zyo6sKR_EAQ	RroUdGop9iKwVOISl0KIeg	VJN7o5JgNP1diUaE7iSYlA	5	What an amazing experience! My mother and I decided we needed a new nail place since we have been bouncing around from nail salon to nail salon and not really liking the environment, conversation etc. let me just say "Found Nail Heaven". Relaxing atmosphere, beautiful job on the gel manicure, and the pedicure was simply amazing. Chris and Cassie did a great job. If you are looking for a relaxing environment and beautiful nails-you need to check this place out.	2013-06-08	0	0	0
C9jG0Sj9nxddCcHXhDF2vw	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	I4OO-0ka4ENcS9mAByRAbQ	5	My wife and I have been going here for years. The food is fantastic. In house smoked meats are some of the best BBQ in town. The steak and crab leg special on Saturdays is my favorite. At $18.00 you can't go wrong. Great beer selection clean glasses and always cold. They strive for great service and we have always had a pleasant experience.  Highly recommend.	2014-04-13	1	0	1
Qj2_FdUbU2Qc3IOeuZ1Hag	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	d0K4G6LZ4lw1NNx_V8xDIg	5	LOVE this place. Free cornbread, LOVE. Free mini-donuts at the end of your meal, LOVE. 10% off thanks to yelp, LOVE! My friends and I always get the Whole Hog Heaven. It's the most bang for you buck for sure and then some! I've tried all sorts of different combinations and would recommend everything EXCEPT the chicken, it was a little too dry for me. And ALL the sides I've tried are delicious: corn, mashed potatoes, shoe string fries, mac n' cheese...perfect! The Q rolls appetizer are a must-get appetizer with the Chipotle sauce! Service is always great too!  -  - The Q Lounge next door seems like it would be a fun place to go post meal as well. We didn't go but it looked like it was bumpin' and they played some good music!	2011-08-15	1	0	3
IBmbRbnFN9KjND3hjuB05g	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	Br9o4CNzhwUw4YUHseGA-g	4	Super yummy pizza. Best if eaten hot. Pizza oven is heated with  - Charcoal so the pizza tastes bbq'd.	2012-03-18	0	0	0
nhLhwWu24luzS_RzPxv81A	602gnSwkHsGfftakZ1ckaA	_F_Veo7apY0NbBhKWJ7DJg	5	Pretty typical GNC. Friendly staff and they carry just about everything. This location was a little hard to find at first. But just know that it's close to the safeway grocery store.  - If your not buying online then this is a great place to pick up health products, proteins, etc.	2014-01-24	0	0	0
u4whzgC-8EfsoHETy0BJKg	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	VZmOxVhTiHUe4K4sJdM7_w	4	we stayed at southpoint for the first 3 days of December, and ate breakfast here...I got the 2 eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast...each time it was done perfect!  I SO want to know what brand the sausage links are, as they were delicious! can't wait to be back in Vegas, and will surely eat our breakfast here, as it's so filling and is a great way to start the day!	2012-12-16	0	0	0
69xv4jinAKOo6FQD9U615w	GPjNTcCMGa_YYQv1CYPENA	pVyamqy7E4YWD_fxaqc7WA	5	Awesome place!!!! Owner and all the stylist's there kick ass!!!	2012-08-31	0	0	0
eE3zzC-EJR0f3zOJKhmCMA	fCIg2B9pTzPGX1-yPXOo4A	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	We stopped at this Target location today because we were driving around in the Arrowhead area and honestly can't really pass a Target without stopping in, lol. As with most of their locations, it was clean, well stocked, and it had its usual assortment of tons of things to look at. I was particularly excited to find out a movie I have been wanting to see was on sale for $4, so I picked it up. This location is a Super Target, so they have a full grocery section, which is nice. They also have a little cafe with a Pizza Hut inside if you have cravings for a personal pan pizza or some breadsticks.	2014-04-13	0	0	0
aQx_wJOfZqfIZRfL3yuuWA	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	LAOPwSOmjWOiQNA8orJvvQ	4	In a nutshell: -  - Food: 3.5 stars - Service: 4.5 stars - P/C: 3.5 stars -  - I went to this restaurant on a number of times and the most recent was at the end of July (but my review is really cumulative).  There were two of us - my and my girlfriend.  I called in ahead of time to request for the seat that would have the fountain view and...we got it! -  - The restaurant was pretty empty right at 6pm when they first opened for dinner so we got all the attention from the servers that we could ask for.  We got a bottle of duval-leroy paris collection to celebrate.  one of us opted for the degustation menu (5 courses) and the other the pre-fix menu (4 courses). -  - In the appetizer section - we got an assortment of the poached oysters with caviar on top, pan seared scallops, pan-seared foie gros, foie-gros torchon, and main lobster salad.  Frankly, nothing was memorable.  The seafood dishes were well executed and nicely seasoned but nothing that wowed me.  The foie gras torchon was very nicely executed although I believe that the pan seared foiegras was a bit over done (bordering tough). -  - For the main course, I got the veal chop and my girlfriend the halibut.  The halibut was once again...well treated and executed but nothing more than an average.  The veal chop on the other hand, was awesome - it was tender, very well seared and cooked to perfect medium for my liking.  It was the highlight of the night. -  - The desserts - I got the chocolate fondant cake and my girlfriend the melon three ways.  Nothing too memorable either.  If a two-star restaurant can't move me in the dessert area, then there's a problem in my opinion.   -  - Now onto the service - we couldn't have asked for a more seamless and courteous service from the floor staff.  They were never intrusive and kept their light-heartedness and cool the whole time.  We were there for over 3.5 hours and they were perfect.  -  - The maitre d' on the other hand - I don't know what the hell was wrong with her.  Woke up on the wrong side of the bed?  Had a fight with her boyfriend/girlfriend?  Ate something that gave her a constipation?  She was monotone and not happy.  Having beautiful eye lashes and walking on her pretty skinny legs may be one qualification but maintaining a professional and absolutely courteous demeanor is THE qualification.  Maybe I should have slipped her a $20 and maybe things may have gone better.   -  -  - The decor - awesome.  Dining with millions of dollars worth of picasso pieces...just freaking great. -  - In conclusion:  If they can really kick it up a notch with the dishes and replace the maitre d' that clearly needs metamucil, I'd love to return to this very special joint!!!	2010-09-20	2	1	1
GykR-S0sYIso_uzPusTaYg	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	A great way to hit 300 reviews!  -  - We had heard only good things about this place, both on Yelp and from friends and co-workers that have been. We headed in and the black out curtains immediately made it feel like nighttime inside. After picking a seat at the bar we took a look at the menu and debated on the options.  -  - I opted for the Shepherd's Pie (Cottage Pie) Pasty and he went for the The Oggie. We then decided to share a side of "chips" (i.e. fries). The best part of sitting at any restaurant bar, is getting to see the workers do what they do. This place was even better for that idea since you could not only watch bartenders mixing up drinks, but the kitchen was front and center, so we were able to watch our food be made from start to finish! -  - The food took a bit to come out, but each order is made fresh and the fries are baked, not fried, so it's worth waiting for. Both our Pasties were delicious and very filling! The fries were cooked perfectly, and it was nice to step away from the fried food world and still enjoy a great stuffed pasty and fries. -  - The staff was very friendly and checked in on us regularly. We were so stuffed we didn't get dessert this go-round, however, it isn't out of the cards for the next visit! -  - Overall: A - A quirky "hole-in-the-wall" bar with amazing food, fun staff, and great ambiance. Go!	2014-06-06	5	2	5
Ase3RLXJ2X3_CUwFPDjlxg	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	hf1sMYNHOxisdUlakvYKQA	3	a must go to spot after a weekend of drinking!  the server is def funny.. came over and started to ask if we were hung over.. the food was ok.. of course sgv is better.. it's is def expensive..	2014-05-06	3	2	3
9fjMbVfefkGxeGiPE-PDpQ	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	1	Wow. I've enjoyed @TheVigAZ Uptown on all my previous visits. -  - My most recent experience could rightly be called the opposite of everything before. -  - I am recently single. I decided yesterday to get out of the house to get out of my funk. -  - I did something I really never do; I went out, alone. -  - I don't really like to go out into social situations alone, for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that I think society tends to treat individuals who are in a social setting as pariahs. -  - The servers at The Vig Uptown hammered home how much that notion of being a pariah is true. -  - I went out onto the back patio area, and sat down. -  - There were two or three other tables with people out there, and the inside wasn't packed. -  - I watched as one server fawned over one particular table, but failed to even acknowledge my presence. -  - My irritation increased when a couple new people arrived, and joined the group already at that table. They then relocated to the seating around the fire pit. -  - The server was quick to attend to the new arrivals, and even enlisted the assistance of another server in getting all fresh glasses of water for everyone. -  - And yet, I sat. -  - There were two other servers that were attending to the other tables, but neither of them seemed to notice my presence, either. -  - I sat for just over 20 minutes with nary a nod of the head, much less a glass of water, or a drink order. Sad, because I was looking forward to trying the orange kreamsicle. -  - I decided my singular presence was not welcome. -  - As I exited the building, I informed the young lady at the front that I had waited 20 minutes without so much as a visit to ask if I wanted to order anything. -  - I suppose one might argue that I could merely have flagged someone down, rather than come home and write an angry tirade on Yelp. -  - But no, it is not my obligation as your customer to be seen, it is entirely your obligation, as a service-based business, to be attentive of your customers, and serve their needs. -  - On this day, you fell flat on your face. -  - I don't know if that has pushed me to the point I will not return, but I definitely have some animosity over this experience.	2011-05-16	0	0	4
VJiBC4qL8nUHvRSTgoaeNA	_jvevtzOritUu8ihwnToIA	aYzA3OgsAN3f3WJPucYCAQ	5	Arrived at about 7:15 on a Thursday night. Took our daughter there directly from our indoor soccer match. We were promptly checked in a greeting nicely   Qualities approx an hour before going back. Min counted about 25 people in the waiting room which turned out to be about 8-10 different groups  - We were wheeled back an immediately attended to with taking vitals. Another 5 min and then back for X-rays.  Return  10 min later. Then away for a couple more X-ray say another 10 min. Get my drift here - constant movement and help. Not go to this room sit for another 30 min, get something done , wait another 30 min etc.  - anyway X-rays read (sprain no break). Ace bandaged up and done. Total time in the door to out the door less than 95 min. Sounds like a lot but try to get that done at ANY ER   Definitely recommend for minor injuries and illnesses.  - Definitely	2014-01-05	0	0	0
0_WhWyTQXrFAkJ8kHkc-rg	5IWu0xhlZEopvIz3w7o_3w	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	4	It's 4 star based on value and great service and staff. Overall food quality, I'd say 3 star. It's not that the food is disappointing. When you go to a chain steakhouse, I think this is something what people should expect. It is well done for a chain steakhouse. I left the restaurant surprisingly more than satisfied. -  - Staffs here are wonderful! Also they have great summer deals such as $99 lobster for two with a starter and a side. I am not a big fan of lobster so it is not for me but I think the deal is great! My husband had a small lobster tail and it was very good! He enjoyed it very much.  -  - My Chilean sea bass was just okay. It's not bad but nothing special. Crab cake was very good! I wish I had that as a main course. Very crabby!  -  - Overall, the experience was great! We had a great time and ate too much!	2012-08-16	0	0	0
xic-DjnZXAyFVV-ye9qbjQ	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	Yp__0HBYhkwYYjaOCoN39Q	5	The ultimate shopping compound! -  - This place has every shop you could ever want and then more.  It has everything from Nordstroms and Saks to Topshop and a crazy huge Forever 21.  Basically, if you are looking for something in particular, if you cannot find it here, it might not exist.  Even though this place is a mall, there are plenty of places to eat also.  It has everything from fast food to full sit down restaurants.  You can really shop/be here till you drop.	2012-07-04	1	0	0
gn6rQJtbsiUhpaFgtiZcEw	Xotu8sxEdcFgaWGYV-GkIg	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	3	So I went and sold plasma today. They pay you to help you lose weight, that's how I'm looking at it. Shut up. -  - Anyway, the first time you go plan on being there at LEAST 4 hours. Eat something a few hours before you go, then again, literally JUST BEFORE you go! -  - You'll be waiting a while before they prick you to check your levels, so you'll stabilize, but won't be starving by the time they start pulling your fluids out. -  - The process is relatively painless. The waiting area feels more like a county hospital, but they did have movies playing. They CLAIM to have free wifi, and though I could connect, it wasn't getting me onto the 'net. -  - If you go, get all your calling and voicemails done before you go back to get sucked; no phone use! (They kind of look the other way for texting, but if it's up to your head, you'll get talked to) -  - Also, drink LOTS OF WATER before you go; you'll need to be well hydrated, as it will increase your chances of passing the screening, and will speed up the actual delivery of plasma. Plus, you have to pee in a cup. -  -  - I recommend making an appointment for your first visit. -  - Bring a book, or a well charged phone or tablet, and plan on doing a lot of nothing.	2012-08-09	3	4	6
4fe9gllLkzii0Gwi1TO7ng	MN0OLvP8i0SirMJ7AMuMzA	Se1AMR9v_hWsAmM8utOkwg	5	Super friendly staff, great gluten free pizzas. Nice bar selection includes a pretty awesome gluten free beer, as well as a few harder to find spirits (10 year Bulleit Bourbon, anybody?)	2013-11-24	0	0	0
tZMJYUa8la5uz-BSQMfDUA	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	MPGk4SrmyqwG_M-tgG1Q2A	4	Great food at cheap prices. Good selection of brews. Gaming is limited and the place can often reek but hey, it is what is is. Grab a meal and go! -  - Short walk from the strip	2013-12-21	0	0	0
zuw-S5wgfNGusMYOjhaLjA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	UkEJXppCQoiT0-4RsrFejA	2	I came here for dinner with Keri W. and Gardenia H. last year since we had heard really good things about this buffet. Located at The Cosmopolitan, this buffet took a lot of walking to find. And the line to get inside was ridiculous! But we persevered and waited for what seemed like forever before we were finally seated. I wanted to get to every single station and I almost did. -  - For my first plate, I tried: - -- Tomato and Cucumber Salad: Light and refreshing. - -- Bruschetta: I love bruschetta but was not a fan of the one here. - -- Deli Meat and Crackers: Your typical meats with crackers; good but nothing special. - -- Shrimp Cocktail: Just okay. The shrimp didn't taste very fresh. - -- Shrimp Ceviche: Same here. - -- Tomato Gazpacho: This was also just okay. -  - I also got bread with garlic butter; I love my carbs! -  - For my second plate, I tried: - -- BBQ Shrimp and Grits: These were actually pretty good. The grits not so much, but I do love shrimp. - -- Fish and Chips: I could be biased since I don't like fish to begin with, but I didn't like the fish here. THe chips were also just mediocre. -  - My third plate was also savoury food: - -- Mashed Potatoes: Can't go wrong with this. - -- Rotisserie Pork Shoulder: Not as tender as I wanted it to be. - -- Chicken Pot Pie: Too watery for me. - -- Angry Mac & Cheese: This was decent. - -- Truffle Scalloped Potatoes: Not a lot of truffle flavour but I love my potatoes. - -- Potato Plank "Cowboy Bacon": Okay. -  - For my fourth plate, I got: - -- Tomato Risotto: This was not very flavourful and I wished the risotto had been cooked more. - -- Cheesy Bread: Exactly what the name is. Just okay. - -- 5-Spice Pork Chop with Kimchi BBQ Sauce: I did not like this one at all. Don't do Korean food if you can't do it well :( - -- Spicy Orange Chicken: I like the one at Panda Express better. - -- Asiago Gnocchi: Forgettable. Literally. I don't remember even getting this. - -- Vegetable Roll: Meh. - -- Shrimp Tempura Roll: Just okay. - -- Chilled Glazed Tofu: It was fine. -  - Finally it was desset time! I tried the following: - -- Lemon Raspberry Cheesecake: I love cheesecake but I did not love this. Meh. - -- Strawberry Shortcake: Meh. - -- Red Velvet Cookie: I was so disappointed in this. I did not like it AT ALL and I usually love red velvet anything! - -- Strawberry Cheesecake Bavarois: I really liked the meringue in this one. Probably my favourite dessert. - -- Bread Pudding: Meh. - -- Chocolate Covered Strawberry with Toffee: The strawberry wasn't as sweet naturally as I wished but this was good. - -- Apple Streudel Tart: Decent but a little dry. - -- Tiramisu: I didn't like this one :( - -- Lemon Gelato: Light, refreshing, and a nice note to end the meal. -  - As you can see, I tried A LOT of the food here. And I found most of it to be pretty mediocre. They did do some things well, but not as well as I had hoped. I will admit that I came in here with high expectations and I was probably a victim of those. Granted, it does seem like this place does brunch better than they do dinner. But overall I was disappointed in the quality of the food here, especially considering their reputation and the price of the meal.	2013-10-17	3	2	6
EaDwtQIPH_daxN_zTcYNWA	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	OK...hot cheese, pretzels and Shreiner sausage...not a bad start to a scrumptious meal.  Had a delicious fish sandwich with a chopped kale salad.  Who knew that something that is natures scrub brush could taste SO good.  The staff is nice, but not over the top.  I think they're too busy to give that personal touch...but they were attentive.	2013-03-19	0	0	0
_9IQA0da2coRYllDL4e8aw	J4qLz0nGzCTMf6-kf_SiQg	TxiT97l6MykT-VsEptOlqg	2	Worth the try, but not worth the cut. -  - Since last being in Vegas many moons ago, I reminisced about the Stage Deli in The Forums. Where their deli sandwiches were the best we've ever had and the cheesecake flown in fresh from NYC were the ultimate.  - Recently we came across Carnegie Deli, located in the Mirage and it looked impressive with their own cured meats. Sandwiches were thicker than I could stretch my mouth and it made my eyes physically look bigger than my stomach.  -  - Tonight we tried the corned beef sandwich which like many reviews it was very good, with perfect flavorings and very tender. We also tried the hot pastrami, it lacked flavor and was very disappointing considering the proportion of the sandwich.  I had to add a LOT of pepper to make it taste decent. Lastly, we had to try the "famous" burger, which they advertise that they grind the burger meat themselves. Thumbs up for making a juicy burger, but again that lacked flavor.  It's almost like going to a steakhouse and ordering a succulent, juicy porterhouse and they don't season it.	2011-07-11	0	0	1
wLv4zpC3NjS0_ixUf9fwiQ	elBgDynz6UPoSqQgxiggJw	5SzPVOBJKKftliHSZq5Q3w	5	Jen Reid is an awesome stylist!  She does such a great job with my color and is the "brow-whisperer".	2010-04-24	0	0	0
XE9EZipSEDEsYrZ17Q5I_Q	vEeiIvhzz29rO-6EPFqkjQ	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	5	The service at this place makes you feel like a movie star. The patio is beautiful and pretty much every seat is shaded which is great. I got the salmon Benedict which was a super generous portion of salmon and so fresh. Bf got the duck confit hash. It was delicious and very savory so you will need to be in the mood for a bit of a heavier breakfast if you order that. Don't miss this brunch on your visit to Vegas. The Wynn is always classy and my favorite hotel. this restaurant is an excellent experience for those looking to enjoy the elegant part of Vegas.	2013-09-07	0	0	0
Iw16zddrIH4ebfKNSxFk3Q	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	Br9o4CNzhwUw4YUHseGA-g	5	Loved the tuna!	2012-06-20	1	0	1
x5O7bOXbSs0JPf82w5JfyA	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	3	What's the hype? Place seems like it's geared to fulfilling women and hyper active children's cravings. Because of all the pink, I thought Victoria Secret or Miss Piggy of the Muppet Babies had a hand in establishing the joint. -  - The place was busy and there was a wait list that lasted anywhere from 10-25 minutes. We just took refuge at the bar which worked out anyways because we just wanted to try one thing on the menu. -  - We only stopped by to try that infamous frozen hot chocolate drink ($10). It's big enough to feed two people. After a few sips, I felt my blood sugar maxing out. Soon after I would have the jitters like crack head Tyrone on the Chappelle Show. "Red Balls!" It was okay, but I had much better sweets elsewhere. -  - Just another place to say that I have sampled something from them. A tad bit overrated but I can totally see Serendipity being blasted on Food Network type shows and getting a lot of attention and hype.	2010-03-15	0	0	1
xGXSAVohLaxhJwyIT3B10w	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	I went to @TheVigAZ Uptown, originally for just a couple beers, but I ended up having the crab and artichoke dip, with the spiced pita bread. -  - OMG!!! -  - The pita chips were delicious alone, but the crab and artichoke dip was amazing!! -  - Had a couple hefeweizen's, as well. -  - Love the space in the back; kind of an outdoor feel, but not really outside. -  - The bocce ball pit is pretty cool. If I go back, I may try to get a game going. -  - Prices are reasonable. -  - I will be back.	2010-05-29	1	1	1
2rCckqR0Y8TnVQolazzm6w	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	4	Just fantastic. The lobster bisque soup could have been a meal all unto itself. - The BBQ pork sandwich was phenomenal. -  - But the secret behind this place is its employees. They're fast, efficient, and always on task. They scurry around as if their workplace was a hive.  -  - I'll definately be back.	2013-05-25	3	0	2
hkQnPznb0Vx_iWbdmfb3Gw	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	bq_ljG25G-wn9_1MzdbxbA	3	Came here cause it was in travel channels top buffets. Service was awesome don't get me wrong just the food didn't live up to my expectations.	2013-11-07	0	0	0
5T0UyqDn_9Ov1R4em1-Kyw	c2OXxIm1Gu3Hxh7K9Rsovw	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	5	Got a great 1 hour  massage with heated pad on my back for 30 minutes for $28 and $10 tip. $38 total. Not bad at all. I felt great after I left.	2013-09-24	1	1	3
JTjHkRiU5J2I42-UdqCH6Q	Ensu96ecI0OReupNS2x7ig	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	4	More like 4.5 stars -- almost perfect =P -  - Probably one of if not the best steak I've had in Vegas. I've been here 3 times already and each time has been great! -  - First of all, this place is always PACKED.  Make sure you have reservations or you'll have a wait around dinner time. -  - I've ordered the filet mignon twice and the queen cut prime rib once, and also have tried the porterhouse and the cowboy rib-eye (GREAT FLAVOR).  All have been superb, but I will say that my favorite is still the tender filet. Each time it has been cooked precisely medium-rare as ordered...which is often a difficult task even at some of the best steakhouses. -  - The one time I ordered the queen cut prime rib, I was disappointed after having such a great previous visit and ordering the filet.  Although the queen cut was a sizable portion (but not too big that I couldn't finish) they served me a medium-well to well (see pic), when I had ordered medium-rare. (I didn't bother sending it back cuz I was so hungry, just decided not to order it again in the future). The prime rib cut is on the thicker side and not quite as flavorful as prime rib I've enjoyed at other establishments that primarily serve prime rib (Lawry's or SF's House of Prime Rib). After that, I stuck with only ordering filet, which has been consistently top-notch. -  - BEST SIDE EVER: seasonal mushroom medley!!  Unbelievable! You'll have to taste it to understand. -  - Their sauteed spinach and macaroni are great as well. -  - Don't forget to save/make room for their creme brulee -- it's amazing!!! -  - This place is not your typical snooty, quiet steakhouse.  It's actually very lively, as everyone seems to be enjoying themselves in great company. Service was super friendly and attentive.  They checked on us regularly and we were never low on water. Only slight inconvenience would be that the restaurant itself did not have restrooms and you have to exit through the backdoor to use NYNY hotel's restrooms instead. However, that's really minor compared to the quality of food and service that you'll get here =)	2011-10-18	0	0	0
1cgxxJPD6SQjxdSNGvfq1Q	-FCQ6tpsdpbeEJX8R_-tQQ	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	5	Since most of the reviews here are by women, I'll add a little something different by reviewing from a guy's perspective. I'm not in any way a spa pro. Honestly, this was my first full on spa experience. I just hope I didn't get too spoiled or else my standards will be high and all the other spas will have a high expectation to meet. It's Vegas, it's pricey, but it was well worth it. -  - Even though Qua services men and women, inside is not coed so don't worry ladies, you won't have a bunch of men gauking at you. My first treatment was the Men's Body Optimizer which is like a facial+massage on your back. My artisan was Shannon. She was totally cool and made me feel relaxed and comfortable. I would definitely come back to her for other treatments if I can in the future. The experience was great, my back felt fresh and smooth. I almost fell asleep during the treatment but I didn't want to waste the experience so I fought the sleepiness off. -  - I have never gotten a manicure ever in my life. My female friends would always suggest it to me but I would just kind of brush it off. This time, I was like screw it and let's go for the full pampering. Shawna worked on me in the barber shop with that. She's cool as hell. She told me, "If you meet a girl tonight and you have better looking fingers/fingernails then her, she's NOT the one you want." I was impressed with the work she done. She was also very knowledgeable with the random questions I had for her that pertained to the hands, fingers, fingernails, etc. -  - I wished I had more time but now that I know what to expect from Qua, I'm definitely going to give myself plenty of hours the next time I come back. I usually spend my Saturdays in Vegas moping around, recovering from the trainwreck night before. Now, I'm just going to spend it at Qua. -  - The four different saunas are great. I hopped into 3 out of the 4 and was just lost in a state of trance. Unfortunately, I did not get to try the three bath tubs with different temperatures. Next time! -  - The "tea room" as they call it is pretty chilled. Just hang out, grab a few non-alcoholic drinks, snacks, chill out in your robe, and watch tv. I didn't have time to use their gym facility either which was a bummer but I'm sure it would've been pretty cool. -  - The staff was very professional and helpful. They made you feel at home and complied with any request you asked for. I wish I had more time to experience everything but I'll leave that to the next Vegas trip. All I can say is that this experience was "money." I'm definitely going to try to fit it into my future Sin City trips. If you do give Qua a chance, give yourself plenty of time to hang out and utilize what they offer. Don't just come in, get your treatment and leave. You will be missing out on a lot.	2009-06-01	6	0	2
TV24v81LTQox4BDhChJhcQ	M-4pyUDq6jWwDvvoQTIS-A	AIr0fG0lA7jJTMVRYiBwkw	1	I write this review for the people who are in my position, and if you dont understand why SOME people are made to go here for petty offenses dont read this and judge because you dont understand what bullshit it is. The people who work here are cool and respectful and I understand its their "job" to run this place, but in reality its just another stunt by the government to rob people of their money and time. Most everyone assigned to this program cant even afford it which puts them in a even worse situation. The goverment pulls this crap cuz they know they can and piss people off more which in turn makes most situations worse. For the people who can relate for getting in "trouble" for the smallest thing and have to at least pay $1,500 to get something small off your record is complete shit.	2011-11-29	0	5	1
oCeSGXM_Ik5esvu96tbJtg	anuT2XHtgBlEpzkS_vLIiQ	rU_uVQ72X9j0-Oz6x1Zs5A	5	Walked up & was greeted at the door. Super friendly guys with some amazing art work. The shop was nice & clean. They didn't even mind that we brought our teenage daughters with us. Rob did a fantastic job & using the design I brought in & making it just what I was looking for. My husband is up next & I am sure that it will be amazing or as he says bad ass.	2014-07-10	0	0	0
T5nmFeLQ4wGLX68mFgLahg	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	4	I heard nothing but good things about this spot from my Las Vegas family, so I decided to try it out.  There were 6 of us.  Upon walking in the door, the hostess just kind of looked up and I had to initiate conversation. Ok, fine I wont judge the restaurant based on her. She did warm up when I was paying, but who doesn't like money? Now on to the most important part: the food! I had spam, eggs, and rice with furikake. Pretty standard, can't screw that up. It was good, nothing to write home about. But what I will rave about are the Cinnabun pancakes! Wow! It still doesnt beat my favorite banana brown sugar at Hash house, but these are also amazing.  My Dad had the Banana Cream Pie pancakes and those were also delicious, but I like cinnamon so I preferred my own.  This place is pretty solid, and the locals think so too cause this place was packed on a weekday! I would eat here again, no questions asked.	2012-07-10	0	0	0
BoqGuK9IkHuEqqfvENwAfg	rmiK8V7l7NgEJSHJT-zWQQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	For tourists this place is fine and dandy, there's a good mixture of upscale and regular retail stores which caters to tourists. Lots souvenirs and merchandise emblazoned with the "Las Vegas" logo can be found here at discount prices.  -  - The facade of this outlet has undergone major renovation and looks great! Shopping outdoors along the Promenade area has been added. Under Armour, Fossil and Coach stores were relocated to larger retail space out here. There are benches and shaded areas where you can just sit out and chill.  -  - Im not fond of the long and narrow layout of this outlet's indoor area. It can get really packed in and harder to maneuver your way around. That and the long corridor is a pain. If you want to backtrack to another store that's at the other end, better learn how to dodge the kiosks selling snake oil. Some of those salespeople can be really annoying.  -  - For locals it's A-OK. Back in the day when shopping for back to school clothes for the kids it was cool. They have some good discounts to get you in the door.   Although now  I find most of the retail "outlets" selling in season merchandise at retail price so it's pretty much a waste of time if you are coming here to score a bargain. But if you're looking to refresh that favorite shirt that you got your husband one season ago or silverware or plates that have been discontinued,  you are bound to find it here. Then maybe it's worth your time. Other than that there's nothing really special or spectacular that would draw me to go shopping here any longer.	2013-03-16	1	0	3
uuYcyWU_En05ivjuYg8-Yg	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	Ct-u4XN4cGdPc3H4HZAwtQ	4	This is the place to go if you love Korean BBQ.  The meats are great from the kalbi ribs to the bulgogi.  There are plenty of side dishes to choose from and the cooked food is decent.  The service was great and very friendly, and they would pay attention to your grill if it needed to be replace due to it being burnt from cooking.  I would definitely recommended this place to anyone who is craving K-BBQ.	2011-04-21	1	0	1
JTJjEapjx0IGmJFBNxmutA	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	VJN7o5JgNP1diUaE7iSYlA	5	I have been to the Wild Thaiger several times and I decided I should write a review because it is such a great restaurant. I went for lunch this time and the service was great. Although it was slightly loud, the food more than made up for it. Started out with lettuce wraps and ended with pad Thai. It was amazing! Very tasty :)	2010-07-30	0	0	0
kNzGEElye3RFewkHCiTy6A	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	TxiT97l6MykT-VsEptOlqg	5	A must try for those going to the city of loss wages...no loss here as their stone crab, lobster bisque, and other specialty items on the menu are mouth-satisfying. -  - On the recommendation of our server, I had the salmon with lime butter.  L-O-V-E-D it!!! The salmon wasn't drenched in the sauce, but lightly pampered in it making it  a delish and still healthy meal.  We also had the seafood salad, which is a salad that comes with nice sized pieces of lobster, stone crab, and other delectably ocean faring critters.  Last but not least, we ordered the prime rib, which was cooked to perfection! -  - A definite must stop on our next trip back...hopefully this time to withdraw!!! :)	2011-07-16	1	0	2
hJytojVCUiEEjOmm_zTryQ	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	My friend, an Indiana native introduced me to this place as it's based in Indiana. This is apparently the only location on the west coast... yay Vegas! It's located inside South Point... kind of far from the strip. You can either take Las Vegas Blvd all the way down or hop on the I-15S and get off at Silverton if you are on the way back to LA or just exit Silverton from I-15N if you are heading to Vegas.  -  - My friend raved about this place, stating how much she missed it and that it was pretty  much all she missed about Indiana! She ordered 4 for the road... I just ordered one burger and one order of chicken strips for the drive home. I must say, prices are cheap!! The royale was about $5 and included fries. A royal comprised of a double patty, an egg, and bacon... and it was greasy goodness. The patties are charbroiled and have a crispy edge. I would say go for the double because a single is really thin and the meat to bun ratio will mean too much bun. The chicken strips and fries were $4 and it came with 3 strips and fries... I had 4 strips however, but I think it's because 2 were smaller. The fries are the thin shoestring one and they have seasoned fries too for an extra 29 cents. I opted for the salt and pepper and the garlic parmesan. I would go for the garlic parmesan again.  -  - I don't know if I would go off the strip for them as I don't like to be off the strip when I'm in Vegas... however it is a good option when you're coming in/out of Vegas. It's very casual and diner style here. You can either eat in or go to the take out window to order.  -  - I'm def a fan of this place and am glad my friend introduced me to something new and not native to California. My friend said the shakes are also really good. I read there there is happy hour where the drinks are half off! All single patty burger with fries are $4 and the specialty ones are different prices. I think the highest I saw was probably $6. Food here is very cheap. Try it! If you don't like it, at least it didn't cost a lot of money!	2014-01-26	1	0	0
c28sND-ugVh9CnQvMIO9Sw	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	p4VkQXcLH2FldlgdxqFp9Q	4	I actually like this place. I find the mood to be nice and the lighting just right. The food is well prepared and the alcoholic drinks are fantastic. Martinis! My one complaint....they need to add some more vegetarian dishes.  I find myself ordering this great appetizer every time I go there because it's the only thing with tofu on it. Anyways, it's a great place for a date :)	2007-09-07	0	0	0
ocsI1-DKjcrypit4PXAydQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	iLEwkdjDMho7xv9bgQq13w	4	So I've been here waay too many times. -  - In fact, during my last vegas trip, my diet pretty much strictly consisted of earl's..I had it 3 times in two days. -  - As for sandwiches ($6): - -full montagu: classic. if you like roast beef, get it - -earl's club: I actually like this better than the full montagu. lighter. - -italian: also bomb but a tad bit salty - -carribean jerk chicken: light. filled with veggies so feels healthy - -hawaiian: literally tastes like hawaiian pizza -  - The soups ($3) are actually pretty bomb too-- tomato (get the croutons on the side, and ask for cheese on the top) and cheesy broccoli (mmMmm super cheesy & thick). -  - I also ALWAYS get the macoroni salad ($1.79) and that with tabasco = heavennnn. -  - Dont get the beers here. Overpriced. Get it from the ABC store across the hallway :)	2011-09-28	0	0	0
9Bgf-72__d0Jl7veKJz3Xg	SSnWLYO4ADh33-l8oy0klw	gGAPuweXI6y5GNh3xXy7Pw	1	Lady working there was rude and lacked knowledge of her products.	2012-09-15	0	0	0
y7EfVjlYHt_6ICCOEHAJsw	OwBPjUz2o0J5K3DzcHkBtg	w10nZXNJA0ilMJYv7E5HGA	5	This place is awesome. I went there for dinner and was greatly impressed. I mostly had sashimi ordered from the chef specialty part of the menu. The food was high quality and amazing. Worth every penny, however, it is reasonably priced. The atmosphere is great and the place is kept clean. Overall this is one of the better sushi places I've been to in awhile.	2014-04-23	0	0	1
SVndVOfxwWMI5JGGhOz9cA	WUZxVr_CaRqEQgzvyeK5tw	5xLcXof46n-REst90znZ9Q	2	Ikea is what it is ... Great disposable furniture. God help you if you need to return something ... I am writing this as I sit with 14 other people and one customer service person taking returns ..., never again.	2014-01-07	0	0	1
ORqeeNHEdDnkMl_KndGzIg	VQAL0hpGZVDgFuTU_x3N9w	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	Made a quick stop off at this location to pick up some small things.  It was clean and well organized - easy to find what you need.  The pharmacy tech was a touch testy when asked to give access to the restroom, but not the end of the world.   -  - Overall it was a typical CVS Pharmacy and not a bad place to stop if you need some quick pick up items.	2013-10-04	0	0	0
WJXQTtqa3tGCFs81ZwRexA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	4	Swanky, bougie, beautiful, & yummy pretty much describes the Cosmopolitan when I first stepped foot in this hotel and coincidently, these are the words that describe the Wicked Spoon buffet as well! -  - At $19 for a lunch buffet, you're paying for eye-candy, creative displays of food, and a taste of around-the-world! Korean, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American cuisines & moooore! I especially loved that foods like mac n' cheese & chicken pot pie came in a mini-metal pot that kept them warm and fun to look at and eat. Heck, even water at each table came in a tall glass bottle. Sweet potato fries came in a mini-fryer and the desserts? OH MYYYY! My absolute favorite part of my lunch! Gelato, milk & white chocolate covered strawberries & mini apples, macaroons, cute little cups filled with cakes, alll YUMMMY...and aphrodisiacs ;]. My lunch definitely entertained my eyes and tummy. -  - Sadly, aside from all of the glitz and beauty of it all, what knocks off a star would be the lack of SEAFOOD during lunch. Where's my fish? Salmon? Oysters? Crab legs?? These were probably all available during dinner, but I wish I had em' for lunch!! Nonetheless, even though it wasn't tooo big of a buffet, I'd experience Wicked Spoon again at the price of $19! You'll most definitely be eating with your eyes here.	2011-02-26	1	2	1
I5zsz9-sDGa1FZezh79irQ	jh7S78tc9oXCDjAjP_OrLw	lI6roNRyICm30NNt-by1Xg	5	The way I found the India Palace was to ask the locals where they go. Over and over the recommendation was the India Palace. This place is consistently good. Never fails to please and I've been going here for  years. Make a point of at least one meal here on every Vegas visit. Can't go wrong here. Great service, great food, great price.	2008-04-17	0	0	3
W_ctjqWFC50t221Z8eXHyg	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	7eWIkwddjQsdkqhiQzCjDQ	4	Aww.....The Peppermill..... -  - I really do love this place! I love the whole cheesy, neon night club atmosphere thing going on, I love the big over portioned drinks as well as food and I love the fact that it brings back so many fond memories of the days in Vegas and also memories of other Peppermills I have visited over the years. -  - I came here recently for breakfast on my little Vegas getaway and immediately felt a comforting sensation as I entered in through the doors. I was immediate greeted by an exceptionally friendly hostess and seated promptly. -  - I ordered a sausage, Swiss cheese and onion omelet, which came with has browns and a blueberry muffin. -  - As always, the peppermill way, my omelet was GYNORMOUSE and mouthwatering delicious and even the hash browns were quite tasty especially considering the fact that I'm not into hash browns. -  - The bar area is fantabulous!!! Dark secluded and intimate with a big fiery pit centered in the middle surrounded by an engaging lounge couch area. It  definitely is something worth checking out! You haven't fully experienced Vegas to the fullest with out stopping here; really, you just have to make this a destination point!! Can't wait tell my next visit!!!	2010-09-18	7	7	8
BPn_tismUSPWfpBegbzF5Q	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	zgnmTeHoB6EQptCZ3YvEUg	1	Came here once...a long time ago. And walked out. The food sucked then. Was back in Vegas recently and with a promotion, we were offered a free buffet. Thinking that its been years...maybe they have changed. NO. -  - I was appalled to see watery oatmeal! That was gross...eggs benedict were over cooked...every thing was not tasty. The only thing good here was the boxed cereals. Mandalay Bay, you guys should consider a new chef. -  - Disapointed.	2011-12-20	2	3	3
P0VjntTPQWYfVA6CYI0T4A	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	0EHQ5Tew4ppuUSSL4zND3g	5	Extremely impressive food selection!  There are 7 different choices of soup: tomato basil,  miso, cream of asparagus, chicken noodle, oxtail, manhattan clam chowder, and navy bean. Yum!!! 5 salad choices: Asian shrimp salad, eggplant pepper salad, crab salad, Asian chicken salad and Thai cucumber salad!! Lots and lots of any other food choices! I paid $16 lunch price on Tuesday, what a steal!	2013-07-03	0	0	0
6faztgr1jDjxw_4x7gii7Q	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	5	My first Thomas Keller experience and certainly not my last. The three days I stayed here in Vegas, I ate at Bouchon every morning. All three different meals, and all excellent. My favorite would have to be the jardiniere breakfast which includes a fruit salad, a pastry (i had the pecan sticky bun...mmmmmm) a tomato and leek gratin, eggs, toasted brioche and country potatoes. sounds like alot, but the portions were perfect so i didn't feel like a total glutton. of course a nice bellini goes very well with it too! also, if you happen to want meat, i'd definitely recommend the bacon. sooooooo good.	2007-09-08	0	0	1
JTi0Oa8N16JW3wG3Kx9JXA	xNcqwYAUeVOhe3KNC4Xjaw	LhoFewTGC9ooaJiSY18OMQ	5	We usually come to Vegas at least twice a year.  We wanted to try someplace new after a long day at Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon we stumbled across Raku based on the reviews of our fellow yelpers.   -  - Don't let the outside fool you, as the inside is nicely decorated.  The restroom makes a good conversation piece, you just have to see it for yourself.   -  - We ordered the following: - Tofu Salad:  Reminds me of the Japanese version of a caprese salad.  Made with handmade tofu which is their specialty.  Hands down the best tofu salad I have ever tasted and close to the best tofu I've had in this country.  Especially good with the green tea salt. -  - Aji (prepared sashimi and fried):  Both ways were exceptional.  My only complaint was the sashimi pieces were small, but then it is about quality, not quantity.  Be prepared to spend $30 for this dish. -  - Agedashi Tofu:  Good dish as well.  Their special homemade tofu and the ikura topping were the highlights of this dish. -  - Kurobota Pork Cheek:  I like this, but my boyfriend wasn't a fan. -  - Tsukune:  Average at best.  I recommend you try something else. -  - Hamburg Steak:  Great dish.  Somewhat large, It is about the size of two hamburg steaks on top of each other.  They serve it in a sizzling hotpot with egg, mushrooms and onions.  When the waitress poured the sauce over the top, it didn't quite sizzle to her liking, so she was kind enough to bring it to the back so they could heat the pot. -  - To drink, we had the sake trio sampler for $18.  We were able to substitute two of the drinks for something else we wanted to try.  Our favorite was the Hananomai and we ended up ordering a few glasses at $15 each. -  - In the end, we experienced nothing but excellent service along with excellent food.  On top of everything, they are open until 3am.  This place is highly recommended if you are in the mood for great Japanese food.	2010-02-25	0	0	0
1OuIjyWZc3DGwQzdxnxV9g	EpJ0uk82tWFEUnfTwPPSKA	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	5	We always like to visit antique malls while traveling and this was a good one.  Lots of dealers offering the usual brick-a-brack but fun to wander through.  One booth was having a 50% off sale and scored a great set of milk glass goblets.  Woo-hoo.  Helpful staff.  Will definitely return if we ever visit Vegas again.	2013-10-06	1	0	1
7gTriafQjNtwMGKKG7RPmw	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	wJv-7qPE2Knmy9OZDCpmEA	5	The only complaint I can think of for Crpe Shack & Waffles is that they don't have a location closer to home. It would be so dangerous for them to open up shop next to UNLV -- perfect group to target! I would have trouble resisting very frequent visits, lol -  - Everyone loves stamp cards and Crpe Shack offers them! I am almost finished filling up mine. I believe it's the standard "buy 10 and the 11th is free!" deal. -  - Also, if you're keen on text message coupons, Crpe Shack also has a text message line you can join. They offer a deal at least twice a month, from what I've noticed. I've seen "rainy day specials" and other cute deals of the sort. It's usually a 10% discount on your order. I would definitely take advantage of the deals more often if I lived closer, -  - I usually order the "Rebel Special" crpe, which comes with strawberries, bananas, your choice of ice cream, whipped cream, and the game changer - Nutella. Absolute heaven.  *Insert angelical chorus here* -  - Maybe they should experiment with green tea, like green tea crpes, or something. This seems like the perfect setting for that kind of innovation. They have lots of creative menu items, like "Bananas Foster" and such. -  - A trip to Crpe Shack & Waffles is always a good trip made, indeed. Can't wait for my next visit!	2014-03-07	0	0	1
HZnYvo1G7LaXQ4BYxnDoyw	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	XM8hhpCeARsccxvPlnzlKg	5	For us Californians Foie Gras is now illegal (as well as sharks fin and a bunch of other ridiculous crap). So I had to scratch this curiosity while I was in Vegas. I dragged my group 12 from Switzerland, Montreal, and California to Burger Bar because of the reviews and the fact that they had foie gras. All the beautiful ladies starting with the hostess treated my group very well.  -  - Our server, Harmony was great. She took my complicated order of customized burger with foei gras on the side, medium rare (as bloody red as I liked it), with avocado, sprouts, and skinny fries with a sauce sampler... *exhale. Everything was great, the food was delicious, and everyone enjoyed it. I want to thank Burger Bar for a great dining experience.	2012-08-15	2	0	0
H7iCkOEHEtVuoVQcl87H9g	ehMlRCtT0-VFfSMOR2NrvA	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	They do have a large selection of boots and this where my cowboy friend bought his boots a few years ago.  We had heard that there was a January clearance sale going on but when we went inside we didn't really find anything on sale.  We only ended up getting one T-shirt that cost around $25.00.  Nothing is cheap in here so be prepared to shell out big bucks for your country wares!  I actually prefer the stores in Norco and Torrance (California) than this one.	2011-02-02	1	1	1
LgtNdSKCmodWstlcsoWsyA	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	MPGk4SrmyqwG_M-tgG1Q2A	2	Very so so burgers. Best to head elsewhere for a burger. Lots of other options. Limited options. Service could easily be improved. Once at this place was enough. I won't be back	2013-12-21	0	0	0
ordJwH1rQ6wCn0rzgOwPeg	AO-s6ht21TfAIkPPPS1L4g	VJN7o5JgNP1diUaE7iSYlA	3	First time at this nail salon. Still looking for an amazing nail salon experience. It's the typical salon, nothing stood out. My toes and fingers looked great but the prices with a bit high. The girls were polite, nice and did a good job.     One day I will find that salon or nail tech that makes me say (WOW).	2014-05-17	0	0	0
gzqejhhqRQuQZtRkCrLj4Q	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	LVIM704TaKZvVoZBf5ybuw	2	Came by to satisfy our stomachs the morning after a night of clubbing with our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets wristbands. -  - The line was short when we arrived, and the restaurant was barely 50% full. -  - The selection was overwhelming, with Mexican, Italian, Middle Eastern, and Seafood options. -  - The food was left much to be desired. The curry chicken was dry and flavorless. The fried codfish and the tempura shrimp were overfried. Egg rolls were okay, but I've had much better. -  - Le Village Buffet at the Paris is much better without going to the ones with an additional surcharge, if you have the Buffet of Buffets wristbands.	2013-08-19	0	0	0
BLtiDvdtJZoKa2Mva5E8Sg	P6H-p8fXbPq8VjO4kLTz4A	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	Simply the BEST! -  - Everyone here is awesome at making sure you walk out of the Den with the right pair of shoes on your feet. We were probably going back and forth with color and comfort for about an hour. Thanks Runner's Den	2010-04-20	1	1	1
s4fCRiqkg9-306q9J1I9jw	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	4	I came here around 8:30 on a Saturday night and was surprised at how busy it was. Every table was full or had reservations except for one table outside and a small two person table top inside. My friend and I chose the small table top inside because the outside area didn't look too appetizing. -  - I ordered the pakoda as an appetizer for the first time, I usually order the samosas even though I am not a huge fan. The pakoda was fried and had a nice flavor but I didn't taste much Indian spice.  -  - I also ordered the chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, garlic naan, and mango lassi. All of the curries were solid, my only complaint is that everything came out luke warm except for the garlic naan. The garlic naan came out piping hot and I had to wait a while until I was able to tear it because it was not cut. Mango lassi was one of the best I have had and even though I was full I drank all of it. -  - Best Indian I have tried in Vegas but portions are kind of small for the price point.	2014-06-01	1	1	3
QddMm_ej2s4xAfUOasSTKw	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	4	We went on a Monday night around 8pm and the line was long. It wouldnt have been so bad if the heat from the sign wasnt making us both sweat like pigs.  Thank God we werent seated by that fire window of hell! Anywho, clearly we both ordered milk shakes which were amazing until we got to the bottom and the pudding that was formerly on the top was all that was left. It was a thick almost flavorless gunk that was less than appetizing which we could have easily done without. Having worked in restaurants it was disappointing to wait in line for almost 45 minutes to get inside and see that most of the staff had no sense of urgency. Tables that were empty sat uncleaned for much longer than I would expect and the appetizer didnt come out until after we were finished with our shakes. The wings were awesome and both burgers were delish (Farm & Hells Kitchen) but being 8 months preggo I ordered medium well and it was at best medium rare but I made it this far so I figured whats a little blood! Lol The fries and onion rings were average but the sauces were wonderful compliments.  - Long story short great food, polite knowledgeable server but slooow service and such horrible outfits on such pretty girls. We will return for the food expecting a wait, undercooked burgers (which normally I like) and milk shakes hopefully without the icky pudding!	2014-04-19	0	1	0
yQ3WriZ0ITvjU-uIs5_Tvg	OPaIMeAElf0SqfRAnkmUNA	u-RRf3qM-c1xiP9HNYY9Bg	5	We used this florist for our sons Bar Mitzvah and we are now using them for a wedding. This a family owned business and every time we've been there they are very helpful and honest. There prices are very reasonable. We will continue to use them.	2014-01-22	0	0	2
-2137QEwdG48LWN7Uzt9ZQ	DC77ROlgfnpxQNFKQbbpnw	0kR-7Lz6JVrE1WgoTkRyrA	1	I would much rather write a positive review than a negative one, but my experience here was beyond unacceptable, so I felt I had the responsibility to report.  - I recently rented a lawn mower from this store. The employe I dealt with told me the $75 deposit would be refunded with cash upon return.  - I returned to find a different employe who informed me that the policy was actually refunding my card at days end.  - I explained that I was told differently, he offered neither apology nor explanation, just told me to check back tomorrow.  - No refund the next day. No refund the day after. In the meantime, I had a returned check at my bank due to funds not being there (thanks HD) and incurred a $35 fee. So I returned, was given the run around and demanded a manager. This guy was worse than his employees! Told me "if you can't afford the deposit, maybe you should rent elsewhere!" He then promised to refund my card that day and I left. Well well well, imagine my surprise when checking my account the next morning, I discovered not a credit, but another $75 charge! And with this, another $35 back fee!  - Needless to say, I angrily returned to speak with the HD manager, and he rudely informed me it was out of his hands and I had to call corporate headquarters. Thanks to the fraud department at my bank, I finally got my money back, but it took 4 weeks, and $70 in bank fees. The initial cost of rental was great, but due to misinformed employees and a careless manager, the experience cost me $70 extra, countless hours of my life, and a world of frustration. I have nothing positive to say about this place, and highly encourage anyone renting equipment to go anywhere else for higher quality products and customer service that would surely dwarf that of Home Depot	2013-05-04	0	0	0
eOS0baw1dyXClYbWpOmhNA	2A3y7QOidAu1Mm_DeFSDjg	IUYeHYyYAcL6SKbeVI92AQ	5	Called and found out Rob's gone!  So gave them another whirl and service on my bike couldn't have been better.	2014-03-29	0	0	0
7Y7ytKbFWUGEdNrL4T5VqQ	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	dB7-x4PxV7V1NfKajY4itA	2	More is not exactly it but when your hungry eat like a beast.   -  - I was so hungry that i came here but it was okay.  You pay what you eat for it.  -  - My favorites were the shrimps and crab legs.  :)	2013-07-10	0	0	0
k99T-QaVcE3DBinPJsodfg	rmiK8V7l7NgEJSHJT-zWQQ	fVKVNo3X5qLWQUyqB30smA	1	Came here on 7/5/13. This mall is cramped and decent, at best. Stores are so blah that it's boring to shop there.  -  - Also, NEW YORK & COMPANY is a joke. Here's why: My gf tried on a few things that when she came out to ask me what I thought, a few employees whispered in each others ears and laughed. It took SOOOO much effort not to say something. Instead, I took the bracelet my gf wanted to buy and put them aside. I WASN'T going to let her spend a penny in that shit-hole. In fact, I wanted to get the clothes she tried on and wipe the floor with them. But I took the high road bc what can I do to those employees who laughed at us? They work at New York & Company making $8.00 an hour. So I ultimately have the last laugh. Losers!	2013-07-06	0	2	1
OmvQUcaIsrQHXo-nzyXSng	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	rV8D6SLUB-UGr11dFmjj2g	5	You can't go wrong with this buffet.  The quality of the food is amazing.  The desserts are great( if not limited selection).  You dont leave feeling all full and gross.  The seafood is heads and tails about the rest.  Case in point, The Bellagio has swordfish and bluenose.  Other "cheaper" buffets serve Tilapia.  The Bellagio also serves Coke products.  A huge plus in my book.  Here is a tip, go for lunch, its 19.95 vs, 29.95 for a weekeday dinner.  The food is basically the same.  We ate here 2x on this trip.  The first was July 4th for the holiday brunch.  The server was great that day.  Yesterday, for lunch, the server SUCKED.  She was so rude.  I asked her if she had a paper napkin to blow my nose and she pointed me in the direction of the bathroom.  I said " you dont have a napkin" and she said "NO".  Thankfully, the woman sitting next to me gave me a tissue.	2011-07-07	0	0	0
T3n9QvKkrz1dfGrLn6TG8A	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	LhoFewTGC9ooaJiSY18OMQ	4	Another late night in Vegas and hunger calls... straight to Yelp for recommendations! Ichiza is located in the Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road area in Vegas, just a short 10 minute drive from the Strip, and IMO better food. We got here around midnight Saturday night with a grumbling tummy. The place was crowded and lively. We ordered:  -  - Tofu salad w/ tuna sashimi - standard, not bad - tsukune & kushi tan - decent - steamed pork dumplings - actually siomai but very good. juicy and flavorful - deep fried garlic - first time seeing this, served with miso paste, very yummy. - crab fried rice - decent - agadashi tofu - decent -  - I would definitely come back next time we're in Vegas... good food, lively atmosphere and good value.	2009-07-05	0	0	0
KoqUgVsOoif4LQfXz6yO1w	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	ybik_17I-UUPQPVeC32uEg	5	We tried the pepperoni and white pizzas. The crust was thin and crispy - probably the best thin crust I've had (although I've never eaten pizza in New York). True, it's like $5/slice, but it sure hit the spot.	2011-12-03	1	0	0
NSIyJeSyjFIQ3U6ZteFX5g	MN0OLvP8i0SirMJ7AMuMzA	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	Pizza rock has a great happy hour from 3-6, Mon-fri. Cheap, well made pizza for $5 and a good selection of booze behind the bar.	2014-07-08	0	0	0
EXCoYGc6z1xMtG-sXxHGag	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	kacGoYeEiJ2P-Le0twh_Iw	5	This is a must stop when in Vegas.  The Kobe burgers are extremely flavorful and their wedge fries go hand-&-hand with them.  Their shakes are also very good (but filling).  This is a before and after hangover spot, the food will get you filled up and ready to party, and will get you back on your feet the next day after partying the night away!  Good eats peeps!!!	2012-06-27	0	0	0
dFtkEPUZROoNpL19_EmoPw	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	od7cSY1dZAQ7cIlNUJPVww	4	Very unique food and presentation.	2013-08-14	0	0	0
00Pb0NQ-zLonKqnW82tgvQ	jIMZ4emK6VYAqTGR6qiuwg	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	3	I have mixed reviews for this place. But before I start you have to keep in mind that each stylist rents out a section for themselves. The first time I stopped in and had a haircut from Tammy who is a hair goddess! She is super friendly, receptive and she cut 8 inches of hair off my head, bangs, asymmetrical bob with wash and style in 30 minutes. It...was...beautiful! I called their personal who does eyelash extensions to schedule an appointment and she never called me back. Very unprofessional! Then I stopped in several months later for a trim to keep my A-line cute. I wished I would have called to ask if Tammy was in first. She was off that day :[ so Katrina did my haircut. I agree with the other reviews. She is horrible. She does not make you feel welcomed at all. I came in 2 hours before I had to be somewhere. Did not have to wait for my hair trim. It took her over an hour!!! And I told her I have to be somewhere at a certain time. She was soooo slow she didn't even have time to style my hair. And it was mediocre at best. Maybe she just got out of beauty school, because I've been to the Marinello before and she was as slow or slower than someone still in school. -  - I've tried another stylist in the southwest since I've move and they are ok, but they're not a full service salon. Only haircuts... -  - Anyways point is, from now on I will only go if Tammy is available!	2014-04-16	0	0	0
Oilv1-tjZTKhZrwfw9IPrw	MN0OLvP8i0SirMJ7AMuMzA	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	3	This is the first restaurant I have ever been to a restaurant serves every style of pizza.  -  - After walking in, we were barely greeted by the two girls chatting at the hostess stand. I asked to see a menu and was given a dirty one, I handed it back to her and asked for a clean one. She looked at me as if she had something to say then said alright let me look. The second menu she handed me was satisfactory. The menu looked interesting enough so I asked for a table.  -  - After sitting down it took about 15 min for our waitress to come over. As soon as she comes over ordered the Gorgonzola apple salad, and the honey pie. The salad was very mediocre; the pizza was tasty but had a few flaws. The main flaw being the fried onion strings put on top of the pizza. They were unnecessary, made the pizza greasier, and took away from the other great ingredients. Fried onions have no place on a pizza!	2014-05-09	0	0	1
dTWr2VLz7Av3YmFcKdV9yg	CbUkl9BpdI_m7Yt4yTca_Q	p4VkQXcLH2FldlgdxqFp9Q	1	So I purchased the mani/pedi on groupon. Called and scheduling was a breeze booked for the next day. When I got there they had all these signs posted everywhere saying you paid for discounted services tip generously. Which I kinda get... but they just looked uber tacky and made me feel pressured to tip more than I wanted to (which was 6 dollars). The pedicure was fine but super quick. I wanted to upgrade to gel on my manicure and was told it was 17 dollars extra so I declined. I decided to get a French manicure and was told it was a 5 dollar extra charge. Basically anything other than simple nail paint and top coat will cost you more. So I got the French and was basically satisfied but wasn't blown away my nails looked dingy. But my toes looked pretty good, definitely not perfect. But literally the next day my French manicure started chipping!! 2 days later they were completely ruined. I wasn't even working or anything I have never had this happen to me. Anyway long story short I am not going back. I have no desire to argue with them to get a refund.	2014-07-15	0	0	1
qPgCHJdn3QDkU_6UtDm2wQ	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	Q46ztmdo2OAVhM6fOnc3VA	4	Really nice discovery by one of my cousins.  It is just a really nice breakfast place off the strip.  I had the ham and cheddar cheese omelette with home fries.  Really tasty.  I also had the biscuit with a side of sausage gravy.  Excellent.  I am a big fan of simple food, being well prepared.  Service friendly and quick.	2014-05-30	1	0	0
LitBnkoQ1VkHqmk4WyUmPw	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	4	I enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. If it were in Tucson I would get take out here regularly. I ordered the usual suspects panang curry and pad se-eiw. The flat noodles had a nice savory garlic sauce that had the right amount of sweetness. The panang curry had just the right amount of richness. The one thing I did not like was that they put the rice in the panang curry. I like my rice on the side, I don't like it drenched in the sauce before it even gets to the table.	2013-11-05	0	0	0
qHUjnoDRmJkYnK8FYksYGA	-FCQ6tpsdpbeEJX8R_-tQQ	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	5	Visited here twice and got the Mojave Rain massage by same Artisan...i must say he is the best so far...makes me want to go into massaging school and learn..very neat techniques he uses on my back...will continue on getting this service done cause my body needs it most! =)	2012-01-13	1	0	1
zMJpbqy-EZmFtLVmp83HQg	RQCQoFVXfW2eRnsIkbFKDw	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	5	Best Mani Pedi ever!  Great deal $30 combo!	2011-01-22	0	0	0
l2gisH0ca38ha46Qx7wWGA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	8ynJnM_Q7aAT_pmtcmQjUg	3	I remember in the past liking this place. I haven't been in a few years. Went by today to geta sandwich. Let's just say I left without getting anything. Yelp needs to change that vegetarians go nuts for this place tag line. The only thing we do is go nuts and walk away frustrated.  - I know they make good sandwiches but nothing I want to eat. Meat eaters enjoy. This place is good. Just not very vegetarian friendly unless you like eating a boring cheese sandwich. No thanks.	2013-09-19	0	0	0
9SCYjOlUQmBxd_XP5p5kXw	roymvpm55gNjDRf-es2PKg	JOSrl0MZ1SH1LuRuWMrlcA	1	I read the reviews and thought I'd give it a shot. It was my mom's birthday and she didn't really have a preference..just somewhere that would give a great pedicure. So we decided to go to Elan since it was pretty close to my place to try it out. Sadly, I should've gone with my gut and traveled further to Diamond Nails which is my usual nail salon. -  - By any stretch of the imagination, I am not a high maintenance person..nor do I nit pick when it comes to nails...hell, I don't typically write reviews about anything. After my mother's and my experience here, I thought it deserved to be said and read publicly. -  - My nail technician was not very social, which I personally don't care about. Since I am not very talkative either. I noticed a lot of weird habits she had that were "red flags" about the possible hygienic issues she practices.  -  - When your nails get filed and cuticles trimmed they normally soak for a bit before they dry them and polish. She kept using the water my hand was soaking in to clean off the cuticle nipper for my other hand. I've never seen a technician do this before. She then dropped her cuticle tool twice on the floor, and didn't hesitate either time to sanitize or clean them. After these findings, she cut my finger pretty deeply trying to cut the skin closely and threw something on it immediately to stop bleeding(I'm a little fragile with nail salons and sanitation since one my toes contracted a severe infection when I was young due to unsanitary practices at a nail salon) It hurt like a mother, she didn't apologize and insinuated that it was my fault. At this point, I was pretty pissed and just wanted her to finish the job. -  - Lastly, time management could be better here. We arrived at 4:10 for a 4:20 appointment and literally 1 minute after we came in, the 4:15 appointment arrived but she had to wait after my mother and myself to start her appointment. Which was roughly 45-60 minutes after. I felt pretty bad and she looked very annoyed since the only other nail technician besides our myself and my mom's, was chatting up a thunderstorm with her client (there's nothing wrong with that) but when we come in after her client, and finish before..there has to be some piece of the puzzle missin'. -  - Elan Nails: - -Time management sucked  - -Paint job was unevenly coated  - -Used her cellphone a lot and rolled her eyes at small talk - -The technician cut index finger deeply, didn't apologize/blaming it on me - -Unsanitary practices	2013-12-15	1	0	6
Kggg30E90ri-r78n1GWj-g	VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	5	Still amazing, and still, Chris is an unbelievable chef. -  - Those who grade less than 4 stars on this joint obviously have been brought up with an Applebees and Pizza Hut diet, please people, learn real FRESH food and thy will understand one day.  -  - On top of that, what chef personally thanks you at the end of the night for coming out and asking how your food was, absurd, period. -  - PS. -  - To avoid pissing yourself and your company off, go on a weekday round 930 or so, the waits only bout an hour :)	2009-04-30	2	2	5
9S1lhJeNB30bEn3wFUCf-g	NK-8zniVfA21IQoQCynrDg	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	We came here two times during our stay.  Once when I was told that I had wait an hour to check in and the second time for breakfast.  For lunch we had a sampler platter and it was pretty good.  It had potato skins, chicken wings, quesadilla, and mozzarella triangles.  When we came for breakfast the next morning we had bacon, avocado omelets with hash browns.  WOW!!!  That omelet was one of the best I have ever had...and the hash browns were nice and crunchy! -  - The service that we received both times was great.  The decor of this restaurant is really unique with a huge map of the U.S. hanging up and matching tables and booths.  They also decorated for Christmas and it looked really nice.  Overall, a good experience on both my visits and I will be back again for sure!	2010-12-17	4	1	6
08foOHYeX50E49TGtYOsQg	-2n-OHbbwIv3SY8RP9bgTQ	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	My husband and I stopped in for an early weekend lunch recently. We had the entire place to ourselves for a bit around 11:30. It's attached to the Fashion Show Mall, and it seemed like most were just grabbing a quick bite in the food court instead.  -  - I liked the fact that our server asked if we preferred butter or olive oil and parmesan to go along with our bread. Gimme' the oil and parm, please! A pet peeve of mine is that a few select Italian restaurants in St. Louis want to up-charge for this... yes, seriously. Anywho, we carbed out on the stuff. :) -  - I ordered the chicken and spinach cannelloni, while my husband went with the chicken parmesan. Both lunch portions were friggin' HUGE! My husband actually had two full breasts of chicken on his plate served with a large side of pasta. Four noodles came in my order, and had big chunks of chicken in every bite. We made a good dent in the dishes, but still had plenty left over. We both agreed that it was good, but it didn't compare to the good ole' authentic Italian we both love so much.	2013-12-16	2	1	1
6EuWOxeojCIA7kRFKZ18Cg	RRF7KrSLVK19P8UsLXBhzg	ar7ptrPGLLTjlUKmBLIKMg	1	Had a great facial but was put off by how much they pressure you to buy something. I was feeling very relaxed by the end and got suckered into buying something which I later learned is returnable for store credit only. I hate this policy and won't return.	2013-03-26	0	0	3
x-8u2946EbQI9HTmee2a5w	BHqiIqN-iBNS1QzGAo6c_Q	j1UagK_zBh0O5ITmcQFsvQ	5	It's very clean & organized.  Funny that I haven't seen as my many employees walking the floor as I usually would at other Wal-mart stores.	2012-04-29	0	1	1
VW1FIG6hU7G1PAi-jXpHyQ	XVHLXkjnzZxIvyvi9VZkPg	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	5	Dr. Hahn is awesome! I have been a patient since 2002 and have many hours in the chair. Dr. Hahn actually gave me the smile I never had since I had bad decay from bad habits as a child. He is very gentle and makes sure you are comfortable from start to finish. His staff is very nice and treats you like a friend more than a patient.	2011-10-31	0	0	1
v-rX9D2-_fL7ToZBHaJS5w	50nln4YPr0QDo_v1uBmHfg	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	4	Bouchon Bakery is the closest I will get in tasting a creation of culinary genius Thomas Keller!  -  - I bookmarked this place on yelp as somewhere I must go to in Vegas, even though I've never considered myself a big macron fan. Thankfully, my friend knew where it was located in The Venetian and led us straight there once we got to the casino. I only ordered the pistachio macron and didn't eat it until the next day. I'm glad I didn't eat it then and there or I would've been tempted to buy some more. I was genuinely surprised how much I liked it. Now, I want to visit the macron place in Sac!	2012-07-03	2	1	1
OBK-vlgRoQPyjQZqeGMmUQ	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	HqYtgTmf7OPTv2yZKjrLYw	1	Worst wait time and customer service. The food at this point is beyond the point.	2012-08-20	0	0	0
vx3Qdi4-K5wvs4-4erpr1w	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	IY_O5LPqNiHVGrEmXkMBgQ	5	Best Sushi I ever had.  Been there every time when I was in Vegas.  Always fresh	2010-11-07	0	0	0
OL5aYc0trRfu3stSr1_1NQ	BJ32TvfcVvlNKdjjtA5qgg	FUjxSfLSJXLZqJoE5vIu3A	5	I have known Silva for 15+ years and she has expertly taken care of my nails during all of that time. She is an educated nail technician who stays current on all things nails, and that which can affect them. Silva is methodical and meticulous -- an absolute perfectionist. I have never had a better experience or manicure and pedicure in any other salon than the one she provides. And on top of all of that, Silva is the kindest, sweetest, most caring woman you will ever meet. If you have natural nails and want the very best, you cannot go wrong with Silva! I adore her and I think you will too.	2014-05-27	0	0	1
tWDpDUniwFIZ_UsKOJvWDQ	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	iRUi91-w7Rnyi0fVg4D5Tw	3	I really don't have too much to say about this buffet. I realize that it receives rave reviews and it's been featured in many "Top _____" lists of places to hit up in Vegas, but it simply didn't leave a lasting impression on me for whatever reason. -  - My husband and I decided to get in line a little after lunch time, around 3p.m. The line moved so incredibly slowly, I was soon getting pissy. My feet hurt, I was tired of staring at the folks next to me, and I was hungry! Rawrrrr! -  - We finally got to the front of the line after roughly 45 minutes of waiting. Once it was our turn to pay, all the cashiers left their stations and stood around chatting for about 10-15 minutes. By this time, I was expecting every dish to be made of gold and diamonds, based on the excruciatingly long wait time.  -  - Finally, the cashiers returned to the their stations and we paid and waited in another line to be seated. That line, luckily, didn't take as long to get through and we were seated right by the entrance of the place, about a foot away from an odd older German gentlemen and his younger 'not so interested' male date. On our other side was an Asian couple who barely ate and just looked grumpy. It was a little too close for comfort for my hubby and I, as we enjoy moving our arms freely as we eat.  -  - After giving the waitress our drink orders, we got up to indulge, finally. I grabbed a plate and walked around the loooooooong seafood line to get to the other areas of the buffet. I really wasn't wowed by anything they had to offer. I had some sweet potato tot things (Hey Napoleon, give me some of your tots!), mashed potatoes, some type of chicken, and a sample of numerous desserts.  -  - After tasting the food I had waited so long for, and paid so much for (It was an Easter buffet or something at the time), I was really not blown away. I mean, it was good, it was a Vegas buffet, after all. In all honesty, I'd much rather blow my money at the Wicked Spoon, which at least has a couple of dishes that I LOVE. -  - As far as ambiance - it was super duper crowded and uncomfortable. I felt like everyone was staring at me eat because they literally were staring at me while I ate. Not EVERYone, but the people nearing the front of the line who had been waiting their hour. A good 30 or so people had a good view of me stuffing my face. I know I shouldn't care, but I'm the observant type, so it was off putting. I didn't like how closely I was sitting to our neighbors, and I didn't like being seated right in front of a line! There. I've said it.  -  - My hubby and I may try this buffet again on a future trip to Vegas to see if the first encounter was a fluke, but more than likely we'll stick with the Aria buffet, Wicked Spoon, or the Wynn buffet.	2013-05-29	1	1	1
7m7CErDL80wlShKd8LufPg	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	TDy9Xfz-famK1PV3hzFBNA	4	All I can eat prime rib? STFU. Prime rib here is BETTER than the Bellagio's. I took full advantage of that. Crab legs too, but they're so thin hardly any meat in one leg. -  - I think we stayed here over like an hour and a half waiting for La Reve to start, so we ate until we had to go to our show.... -  - The waitress was really busy, and forgot about our table a lot? It took like 30 minutes to get the drinks we ordered, and refills. And maybe a little bit racist? I feel like we were sitting in the Asian corner in the back...no joke. -  - But anyway, loved the dessert bar, SO many options. Got my crepe made then ran around to put scoops of gelato next to it!! genius.	2011-07-31	0	0	1
E3NE9Zde7Bc0nZ2cR0-y-Q	XAWDT6cv5aADi-TG2rKyFw	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	2	Tried to walk in but was told there was a wait so I made an appointment for the next day. The next day I waited about 15 minutes past my appointment time to be seated. I had a gel polish change on my hands and regular polish change on my toes. My tech was nice but sadly I didnt notice that there are bits and pieces of the previous blue shooting through my newly applied nude polish on almost every finger. Also I felt really bad for the techs because there were 2 very very picky difficult customers they were dealing with and a lady who seemed to be the manager was a bit rough with the girls at the front desk although they were nice.  This place is close to my house so I gave it a try and my husband loved his pedi but I wont be returning. The smell was overwhelming and it didn't seem very spa like to me. After a few months they will have all the bugs worked out but I wish I would have checked my polish change thouroughly. I will keep driving to my tech on 215 and Eastern where I know they will be done correctly.	2014-04-16	0	1	0
T8k5KPm5-ZGt5d2PqtbuKA	tI3J5jomrBs--n7r92186g	-q-oqfDCV6WiJJrsSXIawg	4	To some, the service would be considered rude or apathetic, or people can simply look at it as a cultural difference. However, in a city where the life line of the place is based on serving others, this place might reconsider the way they serve people because it comes off as aloofness and can discourage potential customers to come back. The food, specially, dim sum, is really good. That is  what this place is known for. At $3.00 dollars an order, it is really affordable. There are also very good appetizers like sesame seed covered roll.  The rest of the venue is quite expansive, I will come back, making sure that I come back with the notion that the food is good enough that I am willing to ignore the service.	2013-08-13	1	0	1
Z9nD15v2m9gSwaJd5lGYbQ	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	-1 star for price -  - Had the Porkwich, which was amazing, and messy. -  - The mac and cheese could use more cheese flavor. -  - Great atmosphere, great location.	2012-01-03	1	1	2
s319QJwOYQVUwBxTALE-oQ	YacTpiq0ZptFcXD7I-kdGA	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	4	I been to SW steakhouse, CUT and Craftsteak in vegas. Delmonicos ranks right up there with those 3 steakhouses. - attire here is business casual. - service is spectacular. water and soda glasses were always filled and hot warm bread every 5-10 minutes brought out to us.  - if you go, you must get the TRUFFLE CHIPS for an appetizer. AMAZING MOUTHWATERING omg... $10 for a big batch of chips. - My bone in ribeye was awesome. my friend's filet mignon was superb and his gf's salmon was good. -  - that being said, i only give this place 4 stars because my baked potato and friends doubled stuffed potatoe were a bit dry. maybe i will try the polenta next time?	2011-12-10	0	0	0
Dgqd8RVn_LdDARPeTsDsOg	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	So it's pricier than In N Out but what did you expect? Just look at the establishment, you know you're not about to buy two cheeseburgers for $1. They have the menu right in front of the restaurant, so you should peep at it before you make your decision. If it's too much for a burger, then go directly across the street to McDonald's. -  - Our waiter was on the ball. I never had to ask for a refill on my soda. He would bring me a new glass before I made that funny noise through the straw when there's no more drink left in the cup/glass. He didn't do this just once but twice without me saying a word. He repeatedly checked up on us. This is an example of how service in Vegas should be like. You don't want to send anyone home a loser. Least you can do for stripping their kid's college fund or taking their home's mortgage is give them good service and make them feel somewhat better about themselves. -  - I was tempted to try their kobe beef burger for $17. However, I just went with the combo: soda, classic, burger and fries which was not much less but it did come with a soda and fries. I substituted my regular fries for sweet potato fries which was not a problem at all. I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries. They were alright here.  -  - My classic burger was made just about right. Medium - slight pink in the middle. Tender meat and all the condiments and toppings complimenting one another. All this sided with a pickled cucumber which I'm not usually a fan of but it goes together after every burger bite. Wash it down with tasty beverage and everything plays out like a - perfect harmony. -  - My cousins ordered the chocolate milkshake to share. The shake looks like it's 1000 calories, the drink is massive (no joke, I'll put up a picture soon). Between the two girls they were not even able to finish it. Maybe it was too sweet for their blood. It was more of a full on dessert than a drink. -  - Our tab for three people came out to $40ish probably close to $50 after I put down the tip because I thought our waiter deserved it. Pricey but it was a pretty darn good burger and I'm not much of a burger person myself. Once in a while a joint like this isn't a bad idea. I'm not eating $15 burgers daily anyways. Besides, you're in Vegas, live a little. -  - Throughout the course of our meal, they had a lot of classic 80's jams on. No complaints there, can never get tired with that musical selection. -  - Last note: I believe they close late too because my friends dined here after hitting up the clubs.	2010-01-11	5	5	5
-PnEosIrESngH4RLWQxIAA	G69-uLxHs3h6uvrikivpVA	WnQHE8TD1m4P9LpjLm9oOw	4	I dont understand why so many complain about this place. To me it was exactly what I expected. Many items you've seen on the show are here on display. I am glad I went and if you are a fan of the show you should absolutely go. I was there at 7:30 at night and walked right in, no line.	2014-06-10	0	0	0
QWspCMFW788U8SIY4y1Q5Q	8ZwO9VuLDWJOXmtAdc7LXQ	IALpp_O9r7vQVGu7Bd_eSA	2	I heard great things about this hotel but it didn't live up to its reputation. I would never stay here again. The decor was awful, you can tell it used to be an old apartment building, probably from the seventies.  -  - But what really upset me is that they charged an early check-in fee... WHO DOES THAT! If a room is available by all means let a tired traveler in.  -  - I planned on paying about 125 plus tax  but I ended up paying well over 200 dollars for a mediocre hotel. They charge you for every they can possibly get away with. To top it off I left my extremely expensive flat iron in the room never to be found again I called and never heard back. SIGH -  - The only reason I would ever return to this hotel would be to eat at their restaurant.. I left Gallo Blanco a great review.	2011-05-10	0	0	1
p10TS90rhC4-uPssPCpTYg	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	DOtQTggDX3ntGiHO-QIsnA	4	Yummie! Red Velvet Pancakes and Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict were AWESOME!	2012-12-15	1	0	0
Q0S5ZXhzuJr2s6xWJ8mmqw	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	5	Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon....move over aside. Bacchanal Buffet is the new GOLD STANDARD for buffets. - This place is so good that you wish you could die several times during your meal and come back each time hungrier than the last. IT'S THAT GREAT. - Friends & I waited 90 minutes on a Friday Night for this amazing experience. The cocktail waitresses come by every 5-10 minutes offering free bottles of water to any of the patrons waiting in line (GOOD JOB CAESARS) -  - After paying $37.99 plux tax ($2 discount with Total Rewards card), we waited another five minutes to be seated. It was then, when my food coma started. -  - There are SO MANY STATIONS in this buffet, just remember there's a back room too with Italian, Chinese, Japanese,  Mexican cuisine. -  - American Classics: - Cheeseburger sliders, Mac & Cheese, waffle fries, fried chicken, fried oysters, sweet potato fries, scalloped potatoes with cheese and other things. All of it is amazing, especially the scalloped potatoes and cheese burger sliders.  -  - Japanese: - omg, actual Japanese chefs making your sushi. I am not kidding, this is impressive. Most california chinese/japanese buffets don't even have japanese people making your sushi. - They make hand rolls, California rolls, tempura rolls, sashimi fish and other things. - They don't present all the sushi out at once. They rotate after each order. They will present an order of California rolls and tempura rolls afterwards and etc. Just keep your eye out if you don't see what you like, make sure you come back in 10 minutes. -   - Carving Station: - Prime Rib, Lamb, Roast duck, grilled chicken and the usual. wow, so good. Definitely try the Lamb as it's cooked perfectly. The Prime rib was a little too rare for my taste, hopefully it was just a mistake? They come with Au Jus sauce and some other southern BBQ sauce. -  - Chinese/Vietnamese: - seriously, Shanghai soup filled dumplings??? I LOVE IT. they taste amazing ( I wonder if they make it by hand...probably not). Theres your usual suspects in your dim sum lineup and fried rice, noodles and stuff. They also got Pho, which isn't very good. Caesars should just take that out of the rotation. -  - Italian: - Meatballs, pesto Ravioli, Spaghetti with marinara sauce, I don't know how it tasted, as I never got a chance to try it. I was too full :( -  - Seafood: - OMG, the life and soul of Bacchanal!!! They have crab legs on ice for you along with shrimp, oysters and these varying seafood mixes in shot glasses? My favorite part of this station is that they will steam your fresh crab legs for 30 seconds and give it to you on a clean white plate. They are cracked in half already and there's so much meat in them!!! They definite'y don't skimp on portion size too, as I got 5 crab legs. Be sure to grab the garnishing and butter for the legs. -  - Desert Station: - Words can't simply describe the layout of this desert station. fresh chocolate dipped fruit, delicious ice cream/gelato, fresh-made crepes, cake squares on sticks, gourmet cookies and whatever you can imagine. everything is presented elegantly and is delicious. -  - Service here is spot on. They clean your plates on a timely manner and refill your drinks quickly. I only hope Bacchanal can keep up it's gold standard for as long it can, as we all know how the restaurant industry can take a nose dive the moment it opens.  -  - Bacchanal, I shall see you soon :)	2012-10-02	3	0	5
RQyk-iBiQIFy_Vw11DNbIA	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	VZmOxVhTiHUe4K4sJdM7_w	3	have never eaten here before, so thought we would try it...be sure to order a double or triple, as the meat is paper thin...hamburger was good, and loved the crispy shoestring fries! the chocolate shake started out good, but at the bottom, the flavor went from good to bad...a strong chemical taste appeared, which left a bitter taste in our mouths...not sure if it was the choc syrup that was going bad or what, but will never get another shake there...too bad, because everything else was good, place was clean, etc...service was ok	2014-02-15	0	0	0
5iGP-oUXG6ADb3w8TJyRcQ	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	Google maps will lead you past this tiny restaurant if you're heading West on Spring Mountain Road. The icon will show that you need to pass Hauck street. Don't make that mistake, Monta Ramen is actually in the plaza before that street. Google map takes you to this empty plaza with nothing but a sleazy looking massage parlor. Hmmm....?  -  - This small hole in the wall restaurant interior reminds me of Daikokuya Jtown LA but even smaller! They had an L shaped bar which probably sits 10-12 people max. There were about 5-6 regular tables, some made for two people & some made for four. What happens in a place like this? A number of overflowing people waiting out the door. I recommend you coming early or during non-peaked hours. We got lucky because there was only one party ahead of us when we got in but that quickly changed. By the time we got out, there were at least 10 parties on that waiting list. -  - First thing I noticed was the array of condiments in front of us. Shredded pink ginger, purified garlic, white pepper, Japanese chili powder, SPICY a$$ hot chili oil, vinegar, soy sauce just to name a few. Love restaurants that aren't all hipster tight up the butt about their condiments. -  - Had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, a mixed blend of pork bone and soy sauce type soup based. The first one I've ever had actually since I'm typically accustomed to just Tonkotsu base. It was a little less rich and thick then the Tonkotsu base but still had that cloudy and strong taste. I added an egg and kimchi for a little more. For you carb lovers, you can add extra noodles for a minimal fee. I was quite satisfied with my ramen. My expectations were met even though they weren't that high since we were in Vegas and we know LA is crawling with bomb ramen houses. The chashu pork was quite fatty and the slices were on a smaller scale. The bowl of ramen itself was enough to make you full but not overly stuffed. -  - Also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl - cod fish row, seaweed, green onion, over rice. Nothing significant to report. The fried gyozas (pork and vegetable filling) were decent. -  - The ramen is nothing to die for but it really wasn't too bad. If you have a mad craving for ramen or just want to get something other than pho on Spring Mountain Road aka Chinatown, then Monta Ramen is there for you. Just be ready for a wait time. The ramen met my simple standards and the price was very affordable. The hard working staff are efficient and all "peace sign" fobby smiles.	2012-07-30	2	3	2
-YXcSLP-5sgM3A8BxkTRwA	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	aYzA3OgsAN3f3WJPucYCAQ	5	Portions are large wether lunch or dinner. Service is very good.  Grab a drink around the fireplace in the bar to start.	2013-12-26	0	0	0
6uEXQG6Pa2rEWv_8fq-4kA	3e9IUI5Dt-ktDKEQNkENVA	AkLRwgw9ljUqXWyBNzpqXQ	1	BOOOOOO HISSSSS BOOOOOOOOOO HIIIIISSSSSSSSSSS, ZERO STARS FOR THE SPRAWL MART!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! Alright, so this thing makes me assign at least one star.. ONLY ONE STAR FOR THE EVIL EMPIRE.. BOOOOOOO HISSSSSSS!!!	2006-08-24	4	3	5
ClcedtjxEoVv6dGAHw9rSw	Q_Rwcv9APBLggk2KAsBEvg	uu3Aw_m5e7Chv7Sdu9cW8A	4	Got into Vegas on a Sunday night and came here because my boyfriend had been here for during the holiday season and just loved it. It was a great place, took us a min to find in the Mandalay hotel but once we did we were pleased. Sat immediately with smiling faces and sat at a nice table. The decor was contemporary, I loved the glassware.  -  - Chips and salsa were good but could've been better (salsas just weren't to my liking-personal preference) they were too...um...watery? I like thick/chunky salsas but then again maybe it was good so I didn't fill up on them because the chicken quesadilla I ordered was great, my boyfriend ordered the beef tacos, delicious! had cadillac margaritas too...can't have mexican food without a margarita! :) -  - We'd definitely go back.	2011-03-10	0	0	0
JaFIJUx4fMgDZRAoX1L7iQ	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	2	Went to Fez as part of the lightrail pub crawl. -  - Doubtful I'll go back. -  - Decent place I suppose, but not really my style.	2009-03-14	2	1	1
3M69x-WvIst04k2ZNwvimg	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	mm1-8hxSTbQH9iUAIkML4w	3	The food is below average for the strip. The only reason to goto this place is to drink a cold one and watch all the hot chicks parade up and down the strip. Having said that, I love this place.	2011-05-21	0	0	0
0TFbQWT-QHVhzECjAgg0xw	yZ6t7vkPPNzBj-EPKMqaqA	rTAevZ8Fl45rERFDuisKww	5	I visited snapdragon for my third appointment with Jenny.  She is a curly girl who gets curls, and thus far has done a Coppola smoothing treatment, and two great ombr colors.  She's so nice (and talented) and is super attentive to requests.  Nickole (sorry if I'm spelling it wrong!) is the receptionist and is knowledgeable, efficient, genuinely friendly, and the epitome of customer service.  The salon is nice, and offer great Bumble and bumble products.  Considering extensions with my ombr next time!  Really love the experience and results at Snapdragon.	2012-07-09	0	0	0
Xmkw5HI96NFqff_kibRBaA	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	wnf-qnXVaw5PxewjHf120Q	5	One of the best ramen spots I've ever been to by far. Def try it if your around this area.	2014-07-13	0	0	0
31NCCg31uOGJY92l93y3UA	iMbDhkmIqBLedsbu1sIixA	fug2_JRvrXTggaNwH4UVEQ	4	I loved Min and her assistants! I went in to have my eyebrows redone as I went to the wrong place a year prior and had two very uneven eyebrows. The assistants were very patient and were more than comforting. I have to say I was a bit traumatized from my previous bad experience....I wish I would have gone here first!! I paid $100 for my eyebrows and I couldn't have asked for more. The 5 year "warranty" with free touch ups is awesome and I look forward to having more services done!!! Thanks Min!!!	2012-10-18	1	0	2
LHpyKNpZ36dqL6Cd5ZUpig	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	-HNWRq-i2OS19IDjsUlxdQ	5	Finally, a place in Scottsdale that is hip without being douchey and has great food and service.  I commend you Citizen Public House. -  - We made a reservation here on a Saturday night.  Got there, really cool granite counter for the host stand.  We were greeted by smiles and shown to a table behind the bar.  The atmosphere is really cool, dimly lit. -  - Gina was our server and she was fantastic.  We ordered a bottle of "The Boxer" and it was fantastic.  Gina knew her wine and really seemed to enjoy talking with us about different vineyards.  She even brought out samples of another wine similar to what we were drinking so we could see the difference in color.  Now that is really great service, so great, we opened another bottle.   -  - The food was fantastic, very well prepared and came out with great timing.   -  - Gina's brother, Richie, is the Mixologist-Partner here and he came out to the table to talk wine with us as well.  We ended up all exchanging info and talking about a few hard to find bottles.   -  - AMAZING service here and the food is great.  Ask for Gina if you come in, some of the best hospitality I've ever had.	2011-03-31	0	0	1
AM2G4NjyHf9TA_u47Yd57Q	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	yR5kinScZ_HhLCii4BQ35A	5	Most memorable lunch in Vegas so far !!! Went here for lunch on 12/17/11.. We stayed at the Bellagio and I have to say that all of their restaurants are 5 stars. - Todays the weather was spectacular... Sunny, cool in the 60's, blue sky, crisp delicious weather to be outside enjoying the beautiful view of the Vegas strip, Eiffel tower, the Bellagio Lake and its fountains..and that's where we sat. - Todd's Olives offers a prefix menu which sounded like a great deal however my husband and I are foodies. We can't  be constricted to a set menu..  - The cocktails are impressive, we both had Bellinis wich are prepared with peach puree, Heavenly!  For food we ordered the prosciutto and figs flat bread and the grilled octopus with garbanzo,..this dish is an authentic spanish garbanzo soup with the most tender grilled Octopus, The flat bread is amazing , is made with gorgonzola cheese, bountiful slices of prosciutto , fresh figs grilled, arugula and a drizzle of truffle oil..wow nee I say more?  for main course the chicken and vegetable lasagna and I had the duck confit agnolotti..all I can say is that these dishes were so good that we wiped the plates clean. Unfortunately leaving no room for dessert..  - We HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.. and will come back everytime we are in Vegas.	2011-12-28	0	0	0
6H6bjPT2EYiiMxEB81ozog	e9JhcYEgNbRL8i8CTdQO2w	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	More upscale type shops, which is fine if that's what you are looking to find.  The atmosphere is great to walk around in and once it cools off we'll be venturing back and giving the Tommy Bahama restaurant a try since there outside porch view of the Kierland Commons seemed ideal. -  - I'd recommend going here if you are looking for a nicer (and a touch pricier) outfit, eclectic art / furniture for the home and maybe a bite to eat.  Oh.  Final note - the Barnes and Noble is a large location so be sure to swing in there for a good book, coffee or a clean bathroom break!	2013-09-09	2	2	2
yw5rihNpuOV8ccBLEdZE6g	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	Sometimes after a weekend in Vegas, you just want to get out ASAP especially if you have a long drive home. We all have our exodus go to spots. Many of us want to cure our hang-overs so we head to Chinatown for Pho. Some want to get that steak and eggs for under $10 at smaller hotels. Few of us want to load up at a buffet before having to sit in that strenuous car ride and hoping that we can make it home before we have to drop the kiddies off at the pool. On the most previous occasion out to Sin City, I suggested something a little different to the crew. Let's check out this place called Rise & Shine, a Steak & Egg Place which is kind of south of the strip and sort of in the path back to LA. It seemed like the majority of the people who dined here were regulars and/or locals.  -  - This little restaurant is open daily from 7am-3pm only. They serve breakfast items the entire time during their hours of operation and lunch menu kicks in at 11:30am. We arrived right before noon on Sunday. For our party of seven, it took nearly 20 minutes for them to get us a table. The place isn't really big to begin with. I would say that 4-5 people max per table is ideal. There is a dining counter and you can also eat outside if the weather permits. Take notice of the waitresses' uniform; they're catchy because they are wearing pajamas. An awesome concept and it looks very comfortable. The bus boys have black tee shirts on that say something along the lines of help them by visiting Yelp. -  - We all ended up ordering hefty breakfast dishes on this morning because we were all mc-fatties ready to go to town. I went with the Crunchy Cinnamon Raisin French Toast - cinnamon crunch coasted, served with a warm glass bottle of maple syrup ($8.95). I made it a platter by adding two eggs and a turkey kielbasa (bacon or sausage is also avail) for an extra $3.50. It was a big meal indeed. The French toast was soft but not mushy and full of flavors from the cinnamon and tang of the raisins. The big turkey kielbasa was a nice compliment with the eggs. Surely French toast by itself isn't sufficient. I was definitely a happy camper. -  - A couple of my friends got the Crispy Fried Chicken Breast & Waffle ($11.95) which was a hit on the table. A thick piece of battered chicken breast sitting on top a fluffy waffle. Juicy white meat and far from dry. It's nothing like Roscoe's Carol C. Special but it should deserve recognition of its own. Before you start bashing me by saying, "I've had better fried chicken Smitcha!" All I'm saying is that it's pretty good and never did I claim it was the best I've had.  -  - Another friend ordered the Southern Style Chicken Fried Steak but from what I heard, he wasn't too impressed and felt like he should've went with the fried chicken and waffles. -  - Service was on point and like an oldskool coffee shop, I took my tab and paid at the register. I regret not trying pot of bread that everyone seems to be rave about on Yelp. Bring your appetite to this place because after this meal, I was seriously full until later that night. Plus, there are many options to choose from their menu. I will say that it was a great meal but it also made me feel like I was good on a typical American breakfast for some time. Once in a while a 1500+ calorie, single serving meal is okay but just not too often or else Dr. Chen will start chewing me out about my weight and high blood pressure.	2012-10-04	1	3	5
FnKYQZsTxzW5xiAIXyAjIw	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	SLEBhl_09PCb0MVVPPCeNg	4	I love Jimmy Buffet, so why not eat at his restaurant.  I got a large margarita that came with a glass, I collect the cocktail glasses when ever I go somewhere.  I think it was like $13 or something around that.  My dad got the regular and it was filled with more ice than anything... so always get the large which my dad usually does.   -  - I ate the tortilla soup, which was great! We also got the appetiser nachos because we were not that hungry.  Man those nachos could have been dinner for 2 to 3 people and I'm sure would be fantastic if your drunk or hung over. -  - Recap: Get Large Margarita with take away glass and NACHOS!!!!	2008-07-10	4	3	3
sC32kRlDz3Vv5mScf8q8rQ	1M7ScVRCiUYJVqjDbBx5pQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	Bumping this store up to 5 stars because of customer service. I had purchased candles here about 2 weeks ago. It's one of my favorites that I have it burning almost everyday. So  came back here for a new one. Well my luck today they have it at half off!  I was happy about that and stocked up on these candles.  Got to the register and I had mentioned to the cashier I just had bought these candles couple weeks ago. She asked if it was less than 14 days and offered to look up my purchase since I have their perks card.  It was nice she took the time out to check and yes there was a record I bought the candles at full price. So she gave me credit on my current purchase.  Excellent customer service..and frickin sweet deal too! I think Im set on candles for at least 3 months.	2013-02-12	5	0	1
o0XXy6zkTxhCsVcRv3lnCQ	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	4	I haven't yelped in quite some time so I've got alot of catching up to do. -  - I found Cibo via our cute little Yelp friend when I was downtown one day picking up baseball tickets. -  - It's interesting, and HIDDEN to say the least, I must have driven up and down 3 streets before finding the little place. -  - The patio was packed for lunch so I opted to sit inside and catch up on some news while sipping on a Palagrino, the server recommended the hot Italian sausage sandwich with the house salad, being that I had never been to Cibo, I followed it and was soon in love with the aroma, tangy spices and uniqueness which danced on my palate. -  - So why no 5 stars?  -  - It's a little poser-ish of Bianco, or Bianco poser-ish off of it.	2009-04-16	0	0	1
MZm9BT72s2yzOr61j6CFAw	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	mm1-8hxSTbQH9iUAIkML4w	4	I had the falafel burger.  If you are on the Strip and a vegetarian, this is a very good option.  Highly recommend it.	2011-02-11	0	0	0
QFk_SPOEiJDn8DbE0BWEpQ	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	r8oWB3bY2kyKJbk_Bp1aig	2	Ugh, truthfully, hated it.  If the meal I had were about a quarter or maybe even a third of the price I could have chalked it up to average take out.  But nope.	2012-04-18	0	0	0
6Zx4u14B3B6Qks7Fx2NS_g	fkacCsAiwXYQzdlaQZm0Gg	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	It's an open air mall, so you know it can get hot. Their solution to help cool you off? Mist. Pretty cool if you ask me, but if you are out there suntan lotion is probably a good idea. The girlfriend and her mom love this place and they love going through all their favorite stores and sales. It's a nice, clean, and spacious. Probably one pf the best places in Vegas to find a good value. -  - Parking wasn't too bad because we parked in the structure.	2009-12-08	3	0	3
uXyH0v9K8ndtiGXX-TvdLQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	dINoNY-20S8FlMj03o-ptQ	5	Tried the buffet for both brunch and dinner... This place is def. a lot better for brunch opposed to dinner as the dinner menu is somewhat similar to the brunch menu. -  - The brunch is totally worth it because they serve a lot of meat which my bf loves and still has lots of desserts and breakfast which I love. -  - The service was great, food was prepared well, and for the overall price it was great!	2011-12-05	1	1	1
evE14hq18y6uyVN1fvN99A	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	2sP5kVRX9HfqK2oiiFYJew	5	I can definitely say that this is my favorite buffet in Vegas, actually, since I don't like buffets, it's pretty much my favorite in general. My friends and I went to Vegas last month and went to the Bellagio for dinner. There was a vast variety of foods. There were crab legs, prime rib, asian section, pasta section, etc. Most of which (I would say all, but I did not get to try everything) were really good. Since I have a sweet tooth, if I ever go to a buffet, I usually spend more time in the dessert section than anywhere else. They had so many choices in desserts! And let me tell you, the CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES, are effin' incredible. Their covered in like dark chocolate with mini rice balls sprinkled on top. I think they are the number one reason that I love Vegas. The service was awesome, our waiter kept refilling our drinks, each time we returned to the table it was cleared.  -  - Since I did not write a review last month about it because I honestly suck as a yelper, I lag on reviews and I'm just plain lazy. So now, my updated review will be here as well. That being said, we went to Vegas again, last weekend!  This time we went to the Wynn for dinner (totally NOT better than the Bellagio, people who have said it was is on crack). Being kinda disappointed by the Wynn, we went to the Bellagio for Sunday brunch. Again, Bellagio did not disappoint at all. There was so much food to choose from. They had this herb-crusted prime rib that was soooooo good. It was so tender and juicy. Omg. Their pancakes with so fluffy  it just melted in my mouth.  I made my own version of strawberries stuffed french toast by getting strawberries form the fruit section and placing them in between two slices of freshly made french toast, drizzle some syrup, and dusted some powder sugar. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. or Hell. Whichever you prefer as the better destination to be. They had no chocolate covered strawberries for their brunch. Sucks. And service this time kinda sucked, our waitress would not refill our drinks unless she was flagged down, and even then she would forget some of ours, and we had to flag her again to remind her. And it would be kinda annoying because I would be too awkward and shy to ask again (since it would happen to be my drinks that she would forget, like my orange juice refills and tea). Our tables would not be cleared, in fact some other waiter helped us clear it a couple of times. But then our waitress was limping, so I felt kinda bad and let her slide,  and still tipped her pretty good, even though my friends are pretty correct that if you're paying that much you should expect service comparable to that. -  - Oh yeah, ice cream was chocolate and vanilla, soft serve. :( disappointing, but not enough to knock off a star. -  - Review was so long, but really I can go on and on about food.	2010-10-09	3	3	3
BwVvi6Rq05IB8lbcQQhITg	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	bETZuVyByuZDhQSxKK5rig	5	This place is just oozing with cool - the atmosphere is so edgy, the vibe is so chaotic, the food choices are so off the wall!  I came in on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm for a late lunch/brunch (if you can still call it that, lol) and there was no wait!  We got lucky and sat in one of the horseshoe rounded booths facing the view of the strip/the gigantic Palazzo sign.  (REMINDER - if you're staying at the Palazzo, you have a $20 off $50 purchase! Biggest regret of the day - not realizing I had a coupon until later that night, lol). -  - With that said, even though I didn't have a $20 savings the meal was WELL worth it!  I got the skittles martini sampler and...boy oh boy - you should definitely try to share this and not attempt to drink it all alone, if you're a lightweight like me :S (lets say my evening wasn't very pretty!) -  - Homefries were really good, ask for ketchup.  Bf ordered "your first 3some" with the jalepeno hollandaise sauce, definitely gotta try that, so good.  -  - All in all, I must say this place was definitely worth it.  A part of me wished that I didn't finish the sampler all on my own so I could try their desserts (MONKEY BREAD!!), but this just gives me incentive to return again!	2012-11-19	0	0	0
AyCXxIP_3ZvC0ku8TxHm2g	rNahhyqDlouyDMHh57p3ug	n4Xo49fhi2YDB5q2Os9RpA	3	The food was only fair but the service was extremely good.  Appetizers were good. However, I ordered the Black Spaghetti (made from squid ink) and it was so salty I had to send it back. So I ordered the Shrimp and spaghetti and this time even hubby couldn't eat it, it was so salty!  Just disappointed that the kitchen did not take notice that the first dish was sent back because of the saltiness. Or, maybe they did take notice and that's why the 2nd dish was so incredibly salty!  The server really wanted me to order another subst. (bless her heart!) but I had lost all confidence in that kitchen.  Told her to bill me the shrimp and pasta but I can't eat it.   Hubby'f red snapper was decent, a tad on the dry side.  Dessert was good.  All in all, very disappointed in this Batali restaurant.	2011-12-24	1	0	0
-6Z6hfH-_MtxV2gb9H1asg	DjOxXobyGDwWt89q4z1twg	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	3	I took my friend Gerald here when he said he was itching for ramen. At first, I was going to take him to Togishi Ramen (how come I didn't know this place was closed!?!? I'm sooo sad!) but once I discovered that it was closed, we tried this place on a recommendation from a friend. For me, this was my second attempt at this place because the first time it was packed. There's a little bench in front of the restaurant that had at least four people sitting on it and three more people waiting.  -  - When we got there, we were seated immediately. The place was very small and tight, but there was definitely a Japanese feel to it. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with cha shu pork and green onions. Gerald had the same thing but instead of the green onions, he added a soft boiled egg (after I saw his, I wanted an egg too!!!) The service was quick, pleasant and honestly, was what was expected. I was not disappointed.  - As for my ramen...it was delicious!!! It was the perfect temperature, had just enough flavor and hit the spot!! I only had two disappointments:  -  - 1) The limited menu - I enjoyed what I had, but I think I would have liked to see more choices.  - 2) Feeling rushed - not by the staff, but by the people who were waiting. They just stood by my table and I felt like they were rushing us because their party was seated right next to me. Not the restaurant's fault, but perhaps they should come up with a seating system or take reservations for large parties or peak periods.  -  - I will definitely try this place again! I give my ramen 4 stars, but until I try something else on their menu, I'll stick with my 3. Yummy ramen if you're craving it!	2011-05-30	1	0	1
_VgGUN9rYD3HunkYz8U_PQ	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	You would not expect this unassuming little neighborhood bakery located in a strip mall to have the decadent desserts, savory breakfast dishes and tasty salads.  -  - Everything here is made from scratch and fresh ingredients.  I cant make up my mind when I walk in and see the if I should get a blueberry muffin, lemon tarts or the PB&J Brioche muffins they have in the bakery case. (I usually end up getting all 3 ....shhh)   Everythng is so good!  -  - When dining in my favorite to order is the waffle sandwich.  This savory dish has sliced country ham, eggs, smoked cheddar sandwiched between just cooked waffles and it's topped with a Rosemary bchamel sauce!!  Can you say CARBOlicious?? Go check out the pic i took , you will start drooling! The creamy yet light sauce is what makes this sandwich!  Maybe imitated elsewhere but the way B&B makes it, it cant be duplicated. It is worth the trip out here to Henderson.   -  -  Ambiance & Service - Quaint, country style,down home kinda place. The staff are always smiling,warm and friendly.  They go out of their way to make you feel welcome.  I cant say enough good things about Bread & Butter. If I have a complaint is it's I wish they were open more  during the evenings!	2012-06-21	1	1	1
J7_-4xprgt4OrT0etgj2OA	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	gRfN3bzvGywek2cRjbQ0TQ	4	My parents took me here for my 19th birthday. I'm still grateful. We're tight on budget, but they still gave me an amazing 19th birthday. Then buffet for dinner? This place was good. I liked that they had different cuisine's at this place. Very clean and polite servers. I don't regret and would highly recommend to anyone that wants to eat a buffet to go here for dinner! :)	2012-11-26	0	0	0
bXIlXimyoV5_7dpTRV3tzg	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	oGrBhuLCk90LtS4bgG5LFQ	5	Yelp helped me to find this bakery and boy was this a great find! My husband found a cake he wanted to duplicate for our son Cahuna's 1st bday party, it was a half sheet wave cake. (I called and spoke to several bakeries and I wasn't convinced when I spoke to their reps that their bakery could pull it off) I spoke w/a rep named Janie Baker. Her professionalism to ease my concerns is what impressed me. I scheduled a cake tasting and when we arrived I was 110% convinced that I was choosing the right bakery. There were 2 sides of the store each separating the other for appointments and the actual bakery (we received a box of cookies free since we made a purchase) #Smart They work w/your budget and not only did our cake look good but it tasted just as good! We will definately be back.	2013-08-21	2	0	1
R7P2OegSuv1WzDwjUiWtHw	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Dear Lord...I was lost and then I was found after having the Camp Out S'more Japanese Crepe. The marshmallows, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream were like a dessert nirvana.  -  - It was quite crowded when we went at 1:30pm....the local school was getting out. I was impressed how quickly the staff worked and we had our crepes within 7 min...which is a perfectly acceptable wait time in my mind. Also...I must commend the kids...they were all well behaved and very respectful...nice to see. Will be back VERY soon for the Camp Out S'more.	2011-05-01	6	4	9
oe32DW6c_JWyO9Hqo4sS5g	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	5mUANHWjIoV191xp_4ljyA	5	I have visited Las Vegas many times and found a breakfast place that has good service and good food. The host will ask how is everything and they come around to refill your coffee. We came back the next day again for breakfast and should have come back a third time but wanted to try a new place. Big mistake. I'm looking forward to my return trip to LV and going to Mr Mama's.	2014-02-18	0	0	0
x6GIHOzKMUVnXNXfKiokKQ	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	HusOK0YFH6JkWGcvtLBr4Q	2	I was disappointed with our experience.  I expected a five star, fine dinning experience. I expected a more sophisticated, intimate atmosphere.  My husband and I were seated at a small two person table which was so close to the next table, I could have eaten of the diners' plate at the other.   I had high expectations based on the cost per plate and Gordan Ramsay's name.  The first signs of my overall experience was the 'guided tour' from the hostess.  She found great pleasure in pointing out the red light that represented Gordan Ramsay's hand motion.  I was not impressed as I went to the steak house for a great dinner not to see an unimpressive light representing the hand motions of a celebrity chef.  The overall food quality was poor. We ordered the porterhouse steak which was significantly undercooked.  The baked  potato had been made hours before and asparagus was lack luster. I was surprised the chef expediting allowed the food to be served.    The service was also mediocre.  I was surprised to see all male servers.  We live in and work in a modern country.  Please hire female help.  The young lady bussing tables visited us more than our waiter.   We will not go back and do not recommend this establishment.	2013-09-30	0	0	0
fy7m5jKdQwBhc9cqIwx2bA	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	Xu6o13cYyUbFasRh4i5PuA	4	While trekking across the western states and stopping in Phoenix for the night, we decided to stop by Lux for a breakfast on our way to California. We arrived roughly after 9am on a Monday morning. Lux appeared to be nestle in a cool and hip part of Phoenix as there were some interesting shops and restaurants in it's proximity. Lux has it's own parking lot, which I'm not sure that is shared with the other business,but when we arrived there was ample parking spaces.  -  - On the exterior, there is a somewhat spacious patio allowing patrons to sit outside when weather permits. On the inside there is an eclectic array of mix n  match furniture which gives it that cool vibe. There is a small kitchen open to the room showcasing their variety of baked goods. It was very cool to see the employees working as we were waiting for our food.  -  - I ordered my usual breakfast when I'm in a rush or wanting to eat light, a butter croissant and glass of orange juice. The croissant was very good, very airy and decent flakiness. The orange juice was freshly squeezed. My friend ordered the quiche which was warmed up in their conventional oven instead of the microwave. It appeared they put love in their preparation of the food.  -  - Lux also serves lunch and dinner, and has a bar.	2013-05-28	1	0	0
N43J6H38lERYf5UR4RgMhA	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	wJv-7qPE2Knmy9OZDCpmEA	4	SkinnyFats is a fun little joint hidden behind the madness of The Strip. The location is tucked away in a warehouse center, and the closest place of interest is the Hustler House, if that's your type of thing. I was really confused why this restaurant found its way here. I think it could do even better in a hotel or maybe closer to UNLV or possibly in Town Square. -  - The restaurant is much too tiny. My cousin and I came here on a Sunday afternoon, and even though we were able to find a seat rather quickly, everything felt so cramped. We came here with a baby car seat, and I do not recommend that. This place is best visited in pairs. You will not enjoy dealing with big groups here. -  - Now for the food. Surprisingly, there aren't really any desserts. But oh my goodness. I still loved my food! The portions are very generous for the prices. I had the Drunken Gypsy Toast and the Ahi Taco-San. Yum! -  - I wasn't expecting the toast to taste that sweet! It was delicious! I probably could have used more whipped cream, but it was still a lovely dish. Aesthetically, it looked gorgeous. All of the fruits were fresh and sweet. My bacon was good, too! -  - The Ahi Taco-San was excellent. The tuna was cooked to perfection and all of the stuff that topped the taco was scrumptious and paired well with the tuna. There were jalapeos in it, which I'm not a fan of, but I totally didn't mind them in this taco. Everything about this taco was to die for, haha. And it was so decently priced! -  - Overall, my experience at SkinnyFats was a good one, I only had a few details to pick at. I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking for fun,  filling food. You'll have a blast here.	2014-04-27	2	0	1
XbvBtNufnJJxfGUeB1c_aA	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	UkEJXppCQoiT0-4RsrFejA	4	I came here last year for dinner with Gardenia H. and Keri W. and I loved it. We were seated on the patio so we had a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains (which were doing their water show) and had this lovely breeze coming through. It was so nice and relaxing to be out there, not to mention enjoying great company and delicious food! We were started off with complimentary bruschetta, which was delicious, although a little hard to eat since we had to cut the bread outselves (they gave us a full loaf). -  - For our steaks, Gardenia got the Filet Mignon Au Poivre (creme fraiche) and Keri got the Bone-in Ribeye (22 oz with bearnaise sauce). I no longer remember what their steaks were like, but we unanimously agreed that mine was best. So what did I get? I listened to all the Yelpers on here and got the Filet Mignon Merlot (butter, red wine reduction). I got it medium rare and it was DELICIOUS. So tender and flavourful. I still think it was one of the best steaks I have ever had. And all their steaks come with their signature hand-cut fries, which are also really good. Keri also got Whipped Cauliflower as a side. It was just fine to me (I'm not a fan of cauliflower), but I think Keri liked it. And for dessert, we got their Bananas Foster Crepe (warm bananas, foster sauce, vanilla ice cream). Such a perfect (and delicious) way to end the meal :) -  - The patio was a little crowded, but it was still a great experience. They do not seem to have a bathroom inside the restaurant, I was told to go inside the casino and use their bathroom (it was a 30-second walk from the front of the restaurant). Our server was nice and friendly and I had a great time here. This place probably deserves more like 4.5 stars but I'm leaving it at 4.	2013-10-17	2	1	3
lw2ZJM8CApQtgUzZeNr7Aw	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	w6shEHxRqk858htCtP5oAQ	4	Ate here on our last day in Vegas and waited in line for an hour or so. It was worth it! The desserts are beautiful and delicious! The food has many selections from different ethnicities and they all tasted great! Recommend you eat here if you feel like buffet in Vegas. :)	2011-01-07	0	0	0
b0Rqdh34jMXShdh1HT-Awg	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	pdZa57zKzio5DJKCeL5mrQ	5	This weekend I took my girlfriend to Citizen Public House.  Before we were even done with our meal we were already discussing what we wanted to try on our next visit. -  - We started with two cocktails.  She had the Bellentini and I had the 1884 Manhattan.  I love Manhattans and this was one of the best that I have had--it was incredibly smooth and flavorful. -  - For our appetizer, we split the gorgonzola-emmental mac-n-cheese., and for our main courses we had the Grilled Cheese of the Day and the Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs.  Everything was incredible--including the service--and we wished we had room for an Irish Coffee and one of the many tempting desserts.	2011-01-23	0	0	3
ybFODEipHw37eU5RUfBuLw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	LAOPwSOmjWOiQNA8orJvvQ	4	Hats off to Bobby Flay, I didn't find it overrated...yeah!: -  - Food - 4.5  stars - Service - 4 stars - Performace/Cost - 4.5 stars -  - I was somewhat reserved from going here initially since I've heard just about hundred times from others (including Bobby himself) how quintessentially southwestern delicious the dishes that they offer at this place were.  But I semi-refused to conclude that it was all that before I saw it with my two eyes. -  - We walked in a little bit after the normal lunch time (totally the way to go if you want to get some decent service at this busy and exposed venue at Caesars) - chilled with some margarita and a basket full of tasty breads (including the jalapeno mini biscuits which are my absolutely favorite).  The margarita was very satisfying - tangy, not to sweet, and just the right zing.   -  - My friends ordered the southwestern burger and the home fries as well as the filet of salmon with the sweet potato cakes.  I ordered the scrambled eggs prepared southwestern style with the fried tortillas, cheese, and the salsa embedded underneath the eggs (oh heavens...).  I'd have to say that all three were equally tasty and cooked just right.  None of the dishes were greasy, salty, or clashing with each other.  It was southwestern at its best.  I was fearing that it'd be just a fancy version on typical mexican dishes...but their interpretations of the classic southwestern dishes were quite impressive...based on the taste of each of the dishes. -  - Too bad we were too full to taste the mexican donuts (i reckon we could have really done it if we wanted to)...but we wanted to empty our stomachs for the wine and dine at bouchon that night so we held our own at that moment.   -  - Overall a very pleasant experience, I'd definitely come back here to eat and also spread the word that it's NOT an overrated restaurant with the face of a celebrity chef nowhere to be seen.	2009-06-02	0	0	0
q530WBOfnfMJuYn-5DGerA	-82nEX0RZoD16Bk-VdYDXw	u2xIll_rt34SzZ4c1xBbKA	1	I googled stores in Las Vegas to see who carries Quest bars and was happy to see that Raw Health carried them as I live one mile away. My happiness was short lived and here is why. I walked into the store to buy a few boxes of them and the owner (I met him before so I know who he is) was arguing with a bill collector over a $26.00 charge that was added to his bill. He then proceeded to look up at me and asked if there was anything he could do for me. I appreciated the question, but his tone was clearly belittling me. I decided to ask him my question anyway and the look that he gave me was that of a serial killer who wanted to kill. And to think all I did was ask him the amount of a few $30.00 boxes of protein bars. I would hate to know what would happen if I asked him about anything of substance. So much for supporting small business!	2013-12-17	0	0	1
FRUWb7knuYX0jPFNudIzYw	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	jKL5r5nqyrbKnLYOZBMeKw	4	This place was highly recommended by my new friend who is Korean.  I figure he would know the best place to go since he loves to eat and is Korean. (lol) - For my traditional-bday-dinner-with the fam bam....I chose SURA since I specially thought my Mom would have fun cooking her own meats.(she likes everything seared and practically burned) - The servers were real nice and very attentive.  We weren't really sure how to go about getting our foods except by familiar sights of certain meats.   - Let me get my fave- korean bbq rib now! and a bit of this and a bit of that.  - The servers were helpful on which to cook first and what to actually put on the grill.  I was trying out the glass noodles and the server took my plate and placed the noodles on the grill...ohh I didn't know you have to warm it up...hahahah.   - I should have brought my Korean friend to help educate us on what to eat with what and how and all that.  - Overall...it was yummy and delish.  The owner (I think he was the owner) was even helpful on taking our famiy picture so we could all be in it.  -  - One thing for sure..this is not a place to go to for a date since you will leave the place smelling like you were at a bbq all day.  My purse still smelled like bbq the next day- I really had to air it out.   - Clothes, hair, purse.....bbq smell!!!  LOL -  - Go here and check it out.  It's fun and yummy.  - Watch how the othere people eat and cook and just follow their lead.	2011-01-06	1	0	2
6EFioEBl4ia4CQqFM0ApDg	EcHuaHD9IcoPEWNsU8vDTw	CIXGdgwXUbtF5z-ujAORWw	4	I think inside is beautiful....under construction so really no grand lobby to escape to...the casista's kinda annoyed me...it was hot so aside from the pool...you go to your room or the pool....we ate mostly poolside and room service for breakfast....ahhhh....wonderful food...wonderful drinks...I can't quite pinpoint what exactly disappointed me...I was not happy with my spa treatment...but my  friend  really enjoyed hers.	2008-06-03	1	0	1
oKZI784XN_CQec-ynHO0zA	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	RqeC8jGq757SbtfY5RppQw	5	Not only is the food great but the service is amazing. Anytime I have a Mexican craving I know where I'm going. Side note: too anyone that is claustrophobic, the place is a bit tiny so you might wanna order too go.	2013-09-12	0	0	1
UKPGJcoy1zlmK8jmcM8Yhg	QsCCPWxWqMe-0jSfryhkXg	_F_Veo7apY0NbBhKWJ7DJg	5	Came here for some blood work. The front desk staff were very nice and friendly. And the woman who took drew my blood was awesome and very nice - she had a fantastic accent as well.  -  - Walked in at 2:05pm - Got blood work done at 2:45.  - (Note: I did not have an appointment) -  - Also not this office takes a lunch break from 1:00pm to 2:00pm so the office is closed at this time.	2013-09-05	0	0	0
_jLz894YzcabeySXbc-g9A	Z0kyK8wCBNGkkUT9UrMWcg	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	After a wonderful girls night out with my mom and sister we decided to pop in to Del's for some apps and drinks. We sat at the bar and were greeted by the lovely Joann and Trish. They made our meal of VIP martinis (amazing by the way....fresh pineapple infused vodka chilled straight up with an orange twist), ribeye, petite filet oscar style, asparagus, skillet potatoes and potatoes au gratin that much more enjoyable (who knew that was possible).  -  - We ended up tucking our knees up and practically rolling out the door because we were so full but very happy. Will always come back to Del's for the food, drinks and fun. Now off to the gym to work off some of that tasty cow :)	2011-01-31	1	0	2
SXhewvZ8i4rk2al3kz8yBw	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	Yp__0HBYhkwYYjaOCoN39Q	4	Sugar factory is The Sweet Factory all grown up. -  - The restaurant itself is really hip and sleek.  There are so many mixed drinks to choose from and they are all candy themed.  Also, since they are always opened, they serve a variety of breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert.  The ahi sliders were tasty and the tuna was just seared on the outside.  I also got the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was super crispy and had some of the syrup on it, which I could have done without, but none the less good.  I didn't get a milk shake, but I saw it on the next table and the milk shake was HUGE!   -  - This place has lots of sweet choices too.  It is also connected to the sugar factory shop, so if you haven't had your fill, you can stop by and get some candy after.  I will definitely come back here.  It is a great spot to stop by and cool off in the vegas heat.  Also, happy hour is from 4-7!	2012-07-01	1	1	3
og0yjjc1AwQsFuVStjnkKQ	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	ZoPUik9bOCA-AXXqAnXyRQ	3	Stipulation: to get any more than 3 stars as a buffet, you need to blow my socks off.  They stayed on. -  - That said, it was enjoyable, and the items that I did choose were done rather well :-) -  - Good points - * Server was quick to fill up the champagne glasses.  Thank you! - * Good coffee - * Wonderful smoked salmon and cod - * Nice cutlery - * They make spicy tuna hand rolls to order - * Shrimp was squishy -  -  - Not so great - * LONG wait (actually, the line moved quickly.  ~20 people once you got outside the twisty portion of the line (so, in front the casino floor), and it only took 45" and we were seated - * horrible ice cream - * desserts were "eh" - * Sterile atmosphere. I know, you're in Vegas, but you're also at the Bellagio, and I was just hoping for a bit more - * No crab or oysters :-( -  - No regrets; I would just choose to go a cafe next time.	2011-08-30	1	0	1
pcSuwDORkfPwLjFC8QyacQ	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	eL9zF9XtQMdddfd7GmFbtA	5	Mmmnn!  The Local answer to keeping things simple and good. - It's seriously the happiest place I've been regularly in Henderson, since our normal habit is to eat at home.  There is nothing to rival Bread and Butter, even in NoCal where I sit right now and type this, wishing for one of Chris' baguettes to dip into my homeade rosemary olive oil.   - Go, eat at Bread and Butter, take a couple goodies home, then bring every friend who really enjoys food, and see what they think!	2012-07-20	0	0	0
YTkIo5GkEkttlolulTAqXw	h3iArEf7z8PHxN4WCEdA1A	FtKebd-xjXbyjiCvxSLMjQ	5	The atmosphere is great. The products that they use are high quality. Everyone is very friendly. Beana is a great nail artist and Richie gives the best massages!	2014-04-26	0	0	0
fiQxYd8FCCLO4kGNqbHfWg	vWuvLRUj-RRVDGxQZf32kw	lkV_WCqCbpA5gUIHD6wtOw	3	So this is one of my favorite Old Navy Stores just because of it's location. It has all the departments including Maternity and Plus size (Not that I use them, but it's great for gift giving if you need them) - Today we went in for the THIRD and FINAL installation of kids school shopping. My 12 year old son, he is NOT a fan...However he did quite well. We went and found five outfits complete with a jacket, socks, underwear for $180 I was thrilled.  -  - Up of course until I got to the register and encountered the rudest cashier I've ever met...We were going through everything and as you know you have to check the prices going through or else they will ring something up wrong. EX: we had a pair of shorts that had been marked down to $1.99 that he tried charging full price UM NOT...Since they were marked he fixed it. -  - The trouble came with a Long Sleeve Shirt. All the Long Sleeve Shirts were$10.00 originally $14.50 There were hundreds of them mixed in together. None of them were marked any differently. We picked up a gray one, blue one, and red one. The gray one came up as $14.50 the other as $10 I explained to the cashier the gray one came up wrong. He went into a long dissertation that the gray one was a brushed cotton? *Um What* I said I don't care who brushed it, there are fifteen identical shirts just like it in the pile and you need to honor the price. He says "Sorry lady I'm just doin my job and the price is the price" No I didn't have a type that was how he spoke to me...So I take the shirt and find the manager and before I even get myself worked up she says I totally agree this shirt should be $10 so she tells the clerk price overide and be nice... -  - Man I felt empowered...Amazing what a little shirt can do :)	2008-10-21	1	2	2
vaARtg4vLwu-GTQoZ1Imbw	gZJmtLYGNLoAFU82XjJ75g	zS_iFe4xQOODPfAXjw-leA	5	IWalked in 40-30 mins. Before close . My husband helped my son find a hair cut in the books. The lady was friendly. And he left with a BIG SMILE! A woman with red hair came. In and was talking to the receptionist while I was waiting. Saw my artwork and told me next door they have a day spa next door! That her husband was an artist! I want to check this out! -  - I am ever so sad I didn't get my hair cut here! I went near my house, at Miguels on 16st/Roosevelt. They woman didn't listen and chopped off my hair!! I left crying.  When I get brave enough again, I amfor sure going to El y Ella!!	2013-08-02	0	0	0
UD_6C3dKjZLuSY7_v4vzVQ	AtoMSHZ-lO7kxHRBdioMtA	lkV_WCqCbpA5gUIHD6wtOw	5	OK so don't shoot the messenger...This is the place I absolutely LOVE. - My friend CASI works here and she cuts my hair and it is to die for. You get treated like a Queen...and why shouldn't I? Really, I mean kids, family and all the rest of the things life throws at you to melt away for an hour to get my hair done AAAHHH... -  - Casi cuts my hair and she is fantastic...Other treatments are awesome too, the LeStone is to die for and in my opinion really any of the massages I don't love the hydro massage I don't need that much water personally. I have had a facial, but I'm not a fan...Not because of the Princess just not a fan of facials. The facility is great and you get to use it all day if you book a treatment. If you are a Fairmont President Member you get 10% off Spa Treatments.  -  - Last Year while I was getting my hair done I saw Miley Cyrus waiting for a treatment...My daughter was so excited when I came home with her autograph although when she thought about it she was miffed I didn't take her with me and she could have met her. She did see her the night before in concert and touch her hand what more could a child want sheesh...	2008-10-19	4	2	3
uMsHjD6SKauXrJhcYZQRxw	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	Y8dD8_IZ3zSGHirfDDnSKw	5	I don't believe it is possible to give a better rating.  We went to Vegas for my wife's birthday.  The was our last night, and we wanted to go out for the last time.  We had already eating diner a couple of hours before hand.  So we figured we would go for a late night snack.  We went to Sushi Samba, and could not have made a better decision. -  - We were pretty indecisive about what to order.  So our waitress suggested that we answer a few of her questions, and she would suggest a meal for us.  That was perfect.  We had the Yellow Tail tacos which was delicious.  Very light, and refreshing.  Then we had the Sea Bass skewers.  Amazing sauce, and was great.  Then we ended up with the Spicy Tuna.  Great meal.  Great suggestions. -  - But the topper was the owner Liz.  She came over to our table.  She was very welcoming, and actually talked to us.  I didn't feel as if she was doing it, as part of some shtick.  She was very genuine.  Which was cool.  -  - We ended the night with a vanilla chocolate cake for my wife's birthday.  Overall great experience.  When we go back to Vegas.  This will definitively be one of our stops.	2011-06-13	1	0	0
fLircCeWXkvMUwl34XIjTw	Zi-dpvV3879RgW_LeZ49uQ	9rtg4LYz7eH1ZAC9xjzmhw	5	My friend and I happened to walk in one day and loved our services. She got a full set and I got a gel mani. The workers are all friendly. Tina did my nails and she is really good. I went today again and I'm planning on going back to her in the future.	2014-03-08	0	0	0
fkA49WWuLYPa5iT-sMIT3w	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Been meaning to come here forever! It was one thing or another that delayed me trying this place but finally I made it! Glad I did too! Lunch hour here is crazy busy! Good thing Mel & Terri R was able to snag a table for us since they got there early. -  - Everything off the Skinny /Healthy and Happy/Fats side sounded really good! I ended up getting two entrees! Bonjour Brulee a breakfast entree and Beets by Goat a salad entree off the "Healthy" menu side. -  - I chose the Skinny side not because it was the healthier choices but because I love goat cheese and arugula incorporated in my salads and beets too!  And when the Bonjour Brulee french toast topped with fresh berries, drizzled in agave was presented to me, I was impressed! So I had no regrets with my choices! Both salad and french toast were delicious! It also came with two silver dollar turkey sausage patties which I skipped.  I took a bite and didn't like it anyways. So I can do without that. The juices and shakes sounded good but were on the pricier side. As much as some of the entrees. So I can do without that too. -  - It's a fast casual restaurant. Place your order at the counter and they'll bring it to you when it's ready. I don't think the dining area is small for the space it's in. There's enough tables. It's just this place is so popular! That's a good thing though right?? The turnaround for a table here can be a while during the lunch hours then again, it's busy all day! -  - The line to order during the time I was there was out the door long! So I highly suggest you call or use the app you can get for your phone to place your order and pickup will be quicker. Yelp app or online has a place also where you can order for delivery or pickup! -  - Parking wasn't really a problem, that's if you park further away from their store front and don't mind walking a little more.  -  - Location in an industrial setting is pretty innovative if you ask me. What a great idea for a start up business, it's probably more cost effective to lease space here. I so would find it a bonus having a restaurant nearby my workplace. It wasn't too hard to find the place for me. Your visual cue is (NB on Dean Martin) the  "Post Commerce" sign on the corner of the industrial lot Skinnyfats is located. If your SB on Dean Martin, it's just past the railroad track crossing. Entrance to Skinnyfats is facing I-15. -  - From what I noticed all the people who were on their lunch hour, no one seemed to mind waiting for their food, waiting in line, or waitng for table or waiting at all! Must be they've ate from the "happy" side of the menu alot. Just know there's a wait, but the food is worth it!	2014-01-17	9	4	9
j35Bk4G38R9Fqdwkd0okTQ	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	sqnd8YEJhaJkSFjcmlmYyg	3	came here for dinner the first time.  - service was excellent.  - the country styled pate and the french fries were too salty that they ruined the rest of my meal.  - the roasted chicken dish was okay only, nothing special.   - the mussels dish was very good.  - the creme brulee was the best i have had.  - the paring white wine was very good.  -  - portion is about average... -  - plan to come back to try the rest of the menu? yes.	2011-11-01	0	0	0
MBrWcPCsQ1hSRckANh6rWA	lElMV65G2sOH2X5-OvFeuQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	I needed to get an MMR shot for my new job. The county health department provided me with the number for the Take Care Clinic, who confirmed that I could receive the vaccination with just a walk-in, no appointment required. -  - As my doctor wanted a $75 fee on top of the $85 for the vaccine, and Take Care only charged me $95.99 total, it was a no-brainer. -  - Due to my own error in not carefully looking at the website, I showed up just as the Nurse Practitioner was needing to take lunch. -  - I occupied myself for an hour, then returned. Unfortunately, she did not return until 40 minutes after I did. -  - Alas, I was the first patient in the queue, and once she was ready to receive patients, I was in and out relatively quickly. -  - The N.P., whose name I can not recall at the moment, had very good bedside manners, and answered my questions, without any hint of being bothered by them. (Something I've grown accustomed to from many in the medical profession) -  - Once the vaccine was administered, and the requisite wait time expired, she ensured I had everything I needed, including an additional copy of the record of my vaccination, with her own handwritten notes. -  - I had a very good experience, and would not hesitate to recommend a Take Care Clinic to anyone. -  - Take Care Clinics are available at many Walgreens locations, but check the website to be sure.	2010-08-09	2	2	2
TbyYuEYX_cfnWXomOYTG1w	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	This place rocks the breakfast world. It is so dang tasty. Today I went here with my two young monkeys (3 and 2) and were seated right away. The owner (who was very friendly and gracious) took us to a booth (perfect for kids). Then we met April. -  - April is amazing and probably one of the most friendly servers I have ever met (and I have met some servers). She understood what it was like to be me (she said she has 3 kids of her own) and promptly put in an order of Cinnamon Crunch French Toast for the ankle biters and brought me a piping hot cup of much needed coffee. A few minutes later I ordered an egg white omelet with bacon, avocado, tomato, cheddar cheese and onion.  -  - When the french toast came out (quickly I might add....thank the Lord) she had separated it for us on two identical plates with a fruit garnish for each child (therefore preventing WWIII). It was buttery, gooey, sweet, crunchy and super delicious. All you could hear was the kids masticating (I Love that word) on their breakfast. My omelet came a couple minutes after and I actually got to enjoy a few hot bites before they started getting squirmy (having hot food is such a blessing when you are a mom).  -  - I will always be a loyal patron of Rise and Shine...because of the food, service and the short short distance from my house. Thanks again April :)	2011-02-11	3	2	5
8714iW4cT8P0qMFrZyghUA	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	2	The food was ok, but far from great. There were a few items that I really liked, but there were far more that let me down.  - Service was horrible. Dirty plates piled up and it was impossible to get water or champagne refills. I would expect this type of service at a $8 buffet, but when the bill is $45 a head I expect a little more.	2013-12-22	0	0	1
1CUegWxkLQ6jIS16Q9vamA	43E2pI23izWmOjLd7bkb0g	vlxXm83oGWun_aQT73c8mA	2	I used to really like this office, and Dr. Dobrusin is a great doctor. But it's nearly impossible to get an appointment here anymore, and Dr. D doesn't work Fridays anymore, which is becoming extremely inconvenient for me because that's the only day I can get off. I think I'm going to change doctors now. There used to be a time I could call in the morning, and get an appointment that day. Not anymore. -  - I don't like the front office staff. They are not very knowledgeable, and I think there's some language barriers.  -  - However, I still recommend Dr. D for newborn circumcisions. He's very experienced with them.	2014-05-09	0	0	0
2s6n4uVkfgnh6YFfWLvpmw	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	IOBOiXUAfyAYDqz3F4uSaw	5	Love love love this place! Definitely worth making the trip, and coming again and again. We came for my husbands birthday, and were able to get a $25 coupon from their website! Score!  - We made reservations, so didn't have to wait at all. Their bar area is really nice if u get there early and want a place to wait...full bar and extensive wine list! Once seated we moved right into dinner. We have done authentic Brazilian steakhouse overseas, and this measured up and surpassed it! The salad bar makes others look like child's play. We didn't eat anything off of it though because we wanted room for the meat! Protein only for us! So many waiters came with so many meat choices...it was almost overwhelming at times! Definitely a fave place to go...everyone should try it!	2014-07-13	0	0	1
E3GYaoafepHQT8WQlzVVaQ	-FCQ6tpsdpbeEJX8R_-tQQ	WsPgO3ycZjRp7wFh18JdMQ	5	Have you partaken of the fleishgeist? Wash your sins away at Qua! -  - Qua is one of the nicest spas I've been to, and absolutely essential after dancing all night in Vegas in 4 inch stilettos. You feel me sistas? The price to use the facilities is $45, and when you walk in, they immediately greet you and take the time to give you a personal tour.  And you need it -- this is 50,000 feet of spa! -  - The Roman Baths are fit for the gods. Picture fountains of mineral water pouring from above into scattered pools, and hot stone chase lounges waiting for you. The steam room has a lovely cedar scent, and the arctic room is the perfect end to a day of heat worship with cool air and "snowfall." After a couple of hours of total relaxation, make sure to hit the tea room to lounge, read mags and just enjoy some girl time.	2008-04-21	12	10	16
v92i0qIGQPpdcOLNT7_zNw	ZRWPkOAqJFm5p1CNlLffLA	Rh5HaYluCpQuoFG5K-wuGg	2	My daughter was moved to this facility after going to the Children's Cancer Center for over 10 years.  Her experience has been so sad, first time two months ago for her first IVIG treatment there:  We always have someone go with her, we were told no seats for any visitors and we were to wait for 5 hours in the lobby.  Then she has always had her IV in her arm and they argued with her about this and told her it had to be done in her hand!  Down fall number 2!  I feel that since we have the insurance and pay the bill we have patient rights and my daughter was refused to have her treatment administered as she had done it for the past 11 years.  Next they ran her treatments too fast and may have even used another form of IVIG!  She has been sick after both treatments and this last one she had to go to the ER the following Monday after her treatment.  We are lost!  We wonder if they listen to their patients or just farm them in and out?? This is how my daughter feels and my feelings are the same.  Patients have rights and Comprehensive Cancer needs to listen to the patient, the patient knows their body better than anyone.  Since my daughter may be heading for a relapse.	2014-03-26	0	0	1
TRMePdOvh8JraIb1JOPzCQ	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	n3qwZp4LVzijrNFvBqIDtA	5	The junk fries and the lobster salad were to die for. Been there twice this trip and they are fantastic! The bad: draft beer is $10 each.	2014-02-01	0	0	0
TCfbefpz4dtp-jaW1q845Q	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	cWHsVu9KlxWp2fEsoAV_Iw	4	Excellent service, food was out of this world. Can't wait to go back.	2010-07-28	0	0	0
LRco3bJrOj3LjXtJhuSvCA	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	3	Just fyi: they're not open for lunch on Saturday or Sunday. -  - The first time I came to this place was when I drove in on a Friday night around 8pm. We strolled in and they said the wait was going to be about an hour and some change so we bailed out. This time around, I played it safe and made reservations again for a Friday night at 6:30 pm. We were seated within a few minutes upon arrival. At that very moment the restaurant was half full so technically I didn't really need the reservations. As time progressed, the restaurant got crowded quite swiftly. -  - There are numerous friendly servers here which is great, plenty of help. You'll always have people walking around, which you can flag down at any time. It did however took some time to get the food out. We would get half our order then there would be a period of silence. Other servers would approach us and think we were waiting for the check when we were actually waiting for the rest of our food. -  - As for the food here, the menu is practically endless. You'll find all your typical dishes you would find in any Thai restaurant, there's some pricey specialties aka chef's recommendations at the back of the menu. However, I think there best deal are their authentic and different Thai regional dishes. Growing up eating Thai food practically everyday, I stayed clear from all your everyday Pad Thais and of the sort. -  - We started off with the Tom Yum Pla Dook aka Tom Yum catfish soup. I had all my dishes made with three stars (1-10 spiciness star rating) just to keep it safe. Three stars wasn't spicy, a tingling feel but it won't make your toes curl yet. You can always add more chili if you ask for the condiments. Great soup starter and perfect hangover remedy. Tanginess and some spiciness is ideal after a night of boozing. -  - Nam Khoa Tod - appetizer style dish where they fry the rice along with some other herbal type ingredients. Another authentic Thai dish that many restaurant choose not not to carry (don't ask why I don't know). Overall not too shabby, I'd order it again. -  - Moo Yaang aka marinated grilled pork. It's really hard to mess this one up. The sauce that accompanies this dish could've used some help though. I'm use to a stronger sauce taste and it was a little bland for my taste buds. BTW, sticky rice (extra $2) is great with this dish but I think they give you a bowl of steam rice instead. -  - Neua Naam Thok, direct translation: beef waterfall. You know how sometimes beef has a distinct taste to it? Well this one had it. I couldn't stomach more than half. Probably the weakest link that I ordered. -  - The portions here aren't too big. Four orders for two people may sound like a lot but we were able to eat at least 80% into it. For Las Vegas, this place isn't bad at all and I would like to come back to try some more of their authentic selection. I'm not going to lie, it's not the BEST THAI FOOD ever but it's up to par for Vegas standards and who they're truly trying to cater to. Remember to make that reservation beforehand and play it safe. -  - Dinner for 2: $50ish.	2010-03-16	1	0	4
FnoTJxDh8DRuoeN2eZOoUw	Q_Y1fdGlg-DsLanYHFDSrw	y19XcMnE8xwmXCrC-bZrFA	1	I'm leaving this review on my husbands yelp account as I do not have one.  -  - I was excited to try this salon as it is so close to my home. My sister & I went for manicures & pedicures. We were getting pedicures & reviewing our options for manicures. I wanted a gel manicure, & asked the nail tech how much it would be for a pedicure & gel manicure, he replied $50. My sister was just getting a reg manicure & her total was going to be $35. The tech kept talking about "liquid" gel. I simply wanted a gel manicure. To which he said was the same, but less chemicals. He began my manicure by cutting all my nails short! I said, I just want a gel manicure, he said "ya, liquid gel." Then he started gluing tips on! I told him I don't want acrylic nails I just want a gel manicure. He said , "this is liquid." A lady came over & they were talking. He kept gluing the tips on! I told him I was a nurse, I can't have tips! He cut them really short & kept going. He kept saying, "you see, you like liquid gel." I was confused. I said I just want a gel manicure! I want a natural look. He said, "oh we do clear, look better, $10 less." I said ok....time for check out my sister paid her $35, I gave the lady at the front my debit, she swiped it & handed my bill to me....$75!!!! I was SHOCKED! I said you said $50 for both, he said no $50 for nails! Of course I argued as that is not what he said. My sister was there & heard our convo. We said there is not even a $50 manicure in the menu, he said "it's new. Liquid gel, you like, & takes me long time." I refused to pay $75! The lady at the front was begging him to give me a discount. She also said, "you don't have to come back for 3 weeks, so it is a good deal." I said, "he told me come back in 2!" I did not want fake nails/tips! I have a little baby, I'm a nurse, I can't have tips, & then your charging me $75! I didn't even get polish so it would have been $85! So here I am 3 days out, 6 nails lifted & 1 broken nail! Not worth the $55 I ended up paying!	2013-04-12	0	1	6
3h_m6xoEpbsdJA3YJ4MS5Q	vSf0pqvaLp5sVSjJPeOqqQ	6wLZTaa7ZQzxPRllzuzLJw	4	A good choice for happy hour on the Strip (half off drafts, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders from 3-6pm and 10-midnight). -  - The whole menu looked pretty good, but since we had late dinner plans I limited myself to only things on the happy hour menu. The sliders and oysters were the most impressive: the oysters were fresh and served with several sauces and the sliders tasted much better than your average run of the mill hamburger. The wings were pretty disappointing, very little meat and a buffalo sauce that could have easily come out of a jar. Especially at $1 each, you can definitely do much better for wings elsewhere so it's probably a good idea to avoid those altogether. -  - The beer selection is HUGE but slightly pricey without the happy hour discount ($10-14). Make sure to pick something that you haven't tried before. Ask your waiter for help if you need it. -  - If you're into chugging, make sure to go to the bar for the 7 second challenge. If you can chug a beer in under 7 seconds, they'll ring a bell for all to hear and your beer is on the house.	2013-02-21	0	0	0
y7eHyEorfCC-kPLEMt8Gxw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	LAOPwSOmjWOiQNA8orJvvQ	4	Love it...kinda fakeishly Parisien...: -  - Food - 4  stars - Service - 4 stars - Performace/Cost - 4.5 stars -  - Definitely the kind of a restaurant that I'd like to spend my Friday nights.  We made a reservation for 7pm and were seated right away.  We had requested the outside seating but actually wanted to be inside since there was too much construction outside right next to Bellagio.  But we were seated just inside with a tantalizing view of the Bellagio and the water show.  Sweet. -  - We started the evening with some cocktails, shrimp cocktails, and some pate, just enough to get us tipsy and get hungry for the steak. -  - All three of us order steak frites - mine was perfect, the hanger steak was perfectly cooked to medium and the fries were excellent.  We took in a bottle of 2004 Silver Oak Cab with us...a beautiful complement to our steaks.   -  - We had to run out since we were in a hurry to make it to our show, but it was a wonderful experience.  I'm shying away from giving a 5 since the presentation of the food could be better and the restaurant was a bit loud.  But it's a French bistro, what more can I expect? -  - I'll definitely be back here for more!	2009-05-13	0	0	0
3R-V84DOBZBe4g_AoJb5PA	8zL3V6rmFKBess3bxPLAoQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	On our third day here I didn't want to be rushed to get up early so by the time we meandered downstairs it was lunch time and we were hungry since we had such a small dinner the night before.  Where better to go than the buffet, right? -  - We missed the breakfast cut off but the difference in price was only $5.00 per person.  They had your standard buffet fare...Chinese, Latin, Italian, Fish, Salad, and a Dessert bar.  Everything was really good but I really liked their Chinese food and their Salad bar.  At this Salad bar you tell the person what you want in your salad and they toss it for you and place it in a bowl.  It was one of the best salads ever! -  - We enjoyed this buffet so much that we decided to come here for breakfast the next morning after checking out.  We hit up the omelet station right away and made our rounds of gathering up other breakfast goodies.  They are of course much busier for breakfast than they are for lunch and the service reflected that.   -  - The salad bar was so good from the day before that we waited until 11:00am for the bar to open up so we could get salads again!  I would highly recommend this buffet if you're in the area!	2011-02-02	2	2	2
_S6KwM3BGvZXH1gbjLMGWg	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	BVZCEL0fmyuFRMPW01EAqQ	3	Aria was the closest hotel to us (Vdara), so we came here to eat. Initially, the girls wanted to eat at Blossom but it was closed and Lemongrass was right next door. I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup ($14). I was already expecting it to be a bit pricy. The shrimp in the wontons were big but it was lacking in flavor. I added some hot sauce to my soup, which didn't do much.  -  - Service was good. My glass of water was always full, even when I told them I didn't need any more.	2012-07-03	1	0	1
vkc9Wafl8VJAPmkv4x1mXA	-YEZDSLKjTZbGnsp0F7nyg	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	1	I've downgraded this company significantly for a simple reason. They call me or email me constantly despite asking them not to. When I told them that I didn't want spam, their answer was to bug me by calling my cell phone. It's a good service and I would go back if I could go anonymously but you should not give them ANY contact info. If you do, expect lots and lots and lots of contact. -  - I downgraded them again due to the defensive nature of the manager Rod and him essentially attacking me because I don't want to be contacted. -  - I am not frustrated Rod. I am spending my money at your competitor's place of business and happy as a lark. But I can see why you're frustrated. You're more concerned about your process than my business.	2013-01-03	0	0	1
3iW8KKL96Kx19A9v6lypmg	I5xBrzmTIUKHlj01JU6Z5w	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	4	I really enjoyed my experience here today!  I will be coming back for sure.  -  - Benjamin was super nice and really did a nice job. Linda was quiet but she was also pleasant.  -  - Small place but welcoming.	2013-08-10	0	0	0
daVjx3F45Ry_cAZvfsOLjg	WNy1uzcmm_UHmTyR--o5IA	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	4	Got the Lamb Vindaloo and a beer. I love lamb, but I don't love spicy. It was a little spicy for me, but still delicious.  -  - GET THE LEEK SOUP. Amazingggg.	2013-08-10	1	1	0
q_toQrHJqy6KCn5X241pqw	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	PEPncYMhxc8YCsqfoFBohg	4	Overpriced, but what isn't? It's sin city. ;) -  - Good stuff though, mojito was bomb.	2011-06-25	0	0	2
7AaygWu-bNhIrjRpkeAG_A	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	It's about 7 to 8 miles south of the main strip off the 15 fwy @ the M Resort. If you have a ride and some time, I would recommend the short drive. On weekends they offer some seafood options in their buffet. Apparently on this particular weekend that we went, there was a special deal for lunch time: $16 per person (regular price is about $30ish). Score! -  - Don't be fooled by thinking that just because the M Resort is located away from all the strip action that people aren't going to flock to this buffet. I highly advise you to come early or at least be ready to wait. Don't say you weren't warned. We got there around 1 pm and had to wait about a full hour before we got seated. By then, we were all starving and ready to eat everything in sight.  -  - I kid you not, there's tons of food here. As I stared at all the selecitons, I couldn't stop thinking about Mike Rowe and that one episode on Dirty Jobs where all the Vegas buffet leftovers are trucked out to the pig farm.  -  - The food is fresh, clean, and your options is practically endless. There's everything from some sushi, to random Asian selections, to Mediterranean, as well as steam crab legs and boiled shrimp. They of course have prime rib as well as tri tip and ribs available. There's just too much to list. Not everything is a winner but overall you should find a good number of dishes that will entice your taste buds. -  - Leave room for some dessert. There is an awesome gelato bar accompanied with many other sweet tooth selections. -  - For you big drinkers, there's a hidden open bar with unlimited wine and beer. It is located directly to your left as you enter the buffet. Don't miss out on it if you love to booze. They purposely keep it concealed for a reason. -  - We all literally rolled out of Studio B quite impressed, retardedly full, and ready to blow some gaskets. M Resort did have their last laugh though because as I was trying to digest all that grub in their casino, their tables robbed me for $250. In conclusion, that meal felt like it costed me $266. Doh!	2011-01-23	2	2	6
caR58o-CmJJZZPuzFpjNnA	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	l9-qyygkYJK3P8q3EfoR2A	2	I think I'm one of the few people who just doesn't care for Earls, and thats probably considering that I'm vegetarian, and they have only 2 sandwich options.   -  - I've been here plenty of times and I loved their vegetarian sandwich that was stuffed with feta cheese, veggies, balsamic etc.  It was delicious! However, I remember going back and they had taken the sandwich off the menu. I was bummed and when I asked them for a different option, they said the only sandwich they had was the caprese.  I wasn't feeling it, and I asked if they would mind making me something else, they said they couldn't.  THAT MAKES NO SENSE. I just wanted a sandwich stuffed with veggies, cheese, etc. but they said that wasn't allowed.  I was so furious, considering I waited in such a long line and I was starving.  -  - Coming here this past weekend.  I saw that they added another veggie option to their menu, I was stoked to try it, however when I arrived to the front of the line, the cashier said they had run out.  When I asked if they could make me something else, they once again denied this request.   -  - I suggest they step up their service & offer more vegetarian options.  -  - BTW the two stars are for their sandwich bread. Its just so good.	2014-05-27	0	0	2
NWv48AiOd7ZnKOTrApzEVw	ncuj9qx4WjprfJfYJGdmtQ	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	4	This place was very cute and friendly. I got some sort of weird, scottsdale, vibe for some reason.. I guess I just expected that downtown phoenix feel that I'm so used to around here! But it was good, got my sweet heart some old fashioned candy cigarettes, and my little ones each got to pick some candy out as well. The prices are very fair. I'm sure I will be back soon, it's a very cool local spot!	2009-12-04	1	1	1
21eajIYGby-Nc2gyuEuyew	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	3	C'mon on Toto, let's go home on that yellow brick road. Before checking out of Sin City, we headed to Wicked Spoon for Sunday brunch. Luckily we got there before the rush because the wait went from 30 minutes to about 1.5 hours in a flash. Party of 8, gratuity included so it came out to about $37/person. -  - As we got seated and I took my first lap around the bend, I thought to myself that I was at some fancy, newskool, contemporary buffet. I mean, you got fried chicken in metal frying baskets and food items served in bite sized pots which looked like they were purchased straight from Pottery Barn. Also being Asian, I'm not offended with the Chinese togo boxes filled with food. -  - Unfortunately with all the glits and glamour, Wicked Spoon didn't quite take me home. There were a few items that needed work like their rubbery prime rib. That was a complete bust. But check out the corn, I think I pwned a few which led me to dominate the poor throne after. -  - To complete a buffet is to have the best desserts available. They're gelato selection was pretty up to par where as the pastries were overhyped like Serendipity's. -  - I like the feel and the vibe to this place. Their chic furnishing and presentations makes you feel like you're in an unconventional gorge fest we like to call a buffet. Also, I appreciate the small portions they serve here because it gives you a chance to leave room for other items. Half your plate will be filled up with their fancy dinnerware. I would give it a second try but I'm not going to lie to you and say that Wicked Spoon is currently the strip's buffet champ.	2011-06-08	4	2	4
JpbxGlFs3FHhRBxkPSouRw	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	5	These were some of the best burgers I have had in a while. We ordered the Kobe Burger and it was nice and tender, juicy, and beefy. The bun was just right, not too soft or too hard and didn't take away from the taste of the burger at all. It is a bit more on the expensive side as burgers go, but I'd pay that much again to eat one (actually going to go try the new one that opened up in San Francisco Macy's).  -  - The ambiance is a classic kind of mix between sports beer bar and steak house. Rich dark colors pervade the establishment. The server was really nice and attentive. -  - It's found in The Mandalay Bay Mall area. We stayed in the Mandalay, so we received a coupon book and it had the Burger Bar in it. Not sure now, but I hope so!	2009-11-03	1	0	1
TVtiBvIT2T2FhZgXcJ2J3w	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	f7WD4UQSrSHwkTA-Ly28FA	5	This is a great place to unwind before or after going out on the strip. Great place to meet up with friends, cus it is not too loud. It is located parallel to the strip so none of that chaos. The food is delicious, but the portions are tight. I enjoyed the tierra y mar skewers, empanadas,   stuffed dates, fire fries with aoli and their complimentary starter sweet butter and croquetas. I recomment a pitcher of ANY flavor mojitos (more bang for your buck), I prefer mango.	2010-06-22	1	0	1
qRpwm1g2h2L4a1XXJ5GLlw	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	ri8r2LgXfynntJT8AQKhOA	3	Adequate food for a Las Vegas buffet.  There's certainly nothing wrong with it.  Can't compare it to the Bellagio or Wynn.  Overall pretty descent....but nothing to write home about. -  - Typical selections and priced fairly.	2009-05-14	0	0	0
DcCLoXubiezQgoGYPx-rvQ	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	4	Kind of a bummer that we had a late buffet lunch before coming here around 7:30 pm.  Bad idea!  We were meeting up with our friends at Marquee in the evening and were on a quest for a nearby casual place to have dinner.  I'm such a sucker for burgers and puns, so when we stumbled upon this place, I was sold. -  - The cheddar popcorn they have on the tables (for you to munch on as you peruse the menu) was so addicting!  Do they sell this stuff by the bag??  It's got the crispy texture (like normal popcorn and not the fluffy pirates booty kind). -  - I was still stuffed from the buffet lunch so I sadly had to opt for the greener pastures salad =(.  I was really bummed out about this since I LOVE my beef.  Boy would I regret it even more later. They were quite stingy on the avocado, but since it was Vegas and also not California, I let that one slide. Not to imply that the salad was bad!  It was actually VERY fresh, and organic too! -  - My fianc got the bullgogi burger and it was AMAZING.  It was perfectly seasoned and tasted EXACTLY how it should (the kimchi flavor really came through -- pretty surprising for an American burger joint!) The fried egg was still runny too =)  I actually ended up stealing 4 bites of it from him muhahaha.  We really loved the fact that the sauce wasn't overpowering everything, and that you can still enjoy all the flavors in the burger.  I'm definitely going to get my own next time haha. -  - Service was superb (also gave great burger and beer recommendations) and prompt.  We were out of there by 8:20 pm, without feeling rushed at all.	2011-09-14	2	1	1
YL2caG-EkhSaL5t06PgxNw	mDdqifuTrfXAOfxiLMGu5Q	Df34Brq7Y9-8Q0nqFoyOUg	5	OMG OMG OMG  - This was AMAZING!! - We went to Vegas last week for the first time and our casino host managed to squeeze in a reservation for my husband and I and another couple, and needless to say we went to town on this menu - Heirloom Tomato Salad (hate tomatoes and ate half my husbands!) - British Ale Onion Soup (I almost wish I ordered only this but in VATS) - Maine Lobster (from Back east and not a huge fan of lobster until I had this) - Kurobuta Pork Belly (why haven't i been eating this for YEARS?!?!) - Short Rib Tortellini (may burn the Olive Garden I see to the ground) - Yellow Fin Tuna Chopped Salad (this could have been a meal in and of itself) - Roasted Beef Wellington (no need to send this puppy back) - American Kobe Filet (could have cut it with a spoon) - American Kobe Rib Cap (will change you life just like our Server Alberto said!!) - Mac & Cheese (not your university Karft Dinner)  - Sauted Asparagus (even this simple dish was PERFECT) - Loaded Baked Potato (biggest potato I have EVER seen) - Spinach (garlicky goodness) - Cheesecake (could only have on bite because i was so full but if i was down to my last $20 I'd spend it on that)  - Sticky Toffee Pudding (soooooooooo much better than it sounds, and it sounds great) -  - So needless to say we couldn't move after this feast. I have never, ever, ever had food like that! I'm ashamed to turn on my stove ever again!  -  - The service was like a ballet!. Plates hit the table at the exact same time, Matthew and Alberto were AMAZING! They were informative, welcoming and funny! We're not the affluent clientele they are must be used to in this posh place but they were soooo accommodating, coming by to chat with us, helping us pair foods together, making recommendations, that didn't feel like up-selling. They were enthusiastic about the food and about us being there. -  -  I probably won't go overboard like that again, but every time i go to Vegas I'll be going to Gordon Ramsay Steak and if Matthew and Alberto aren't there I'll cry in my very Delicious British Ale Onion Soup!	2012-10-05	0	1	1
jwnAvPpDZYd-4kM1LEeeMQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	vq_sxdDkCUNzGHJIoZAX8Q	4	The line is usually long but i have to admit, their sandwiches are on point. I have tried the cannonballs, Hawaiian bbq and jerk chicken. I thought the cannonballs were okay. Its one dimensional, and you get tired of the overpowering flavor half way. Howw ever i come back here for the Hawaiian and jerk chicken, flavorful and just perfect. I love the toasted bread i think it makes the sandwiches so good. Another downside is that it isn't as filling and you want to buy more but it's just so damn expensive. But its good and worth trying!	2014-03-16	0	0	0
GXNLitPTpkBwc_IXGzBEvQ	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	ybik_17I-UUPQPVeC32uEg	3	Saw this place on Man vs. Food and decided to give it a try. Everything is of MASSIVE proportions... so share with someone! I don't think I saw anyone finish a dish on their own.  -  - I had the sage fried chicken benedict. The chicken was definitely tasty and I think the best part about the whole dish. Otherwise, it was a gluttonous pile of potatoes, biscuit, and sauce (I could've done with less sauce for sure).  -  - The bad part of my experience? The place is popular, so we waited about 45min to get seated. That wasn't so bad since we were expecting the place to be packed. We already knew what we wanted so we ordered right away. 45 minutes later.... nothing. We read reviews saying it took a while to make stuff, but after a while we started getting suspicious... and then we watched several parties that were seated well after us get their food before us. When we finally caught the eye of our server and asked about our food, she went to check on it. The food came out a few minutes later. Explanation? Something like "perfection takes time." I don't think so. Not after we watched multiple parties that came in after us get their massive platters of food while we waited. -  - So kitchens lose orders sometimes... but I think our server should've noticed and checked on it if it was taking longer than usual. -  - The food was pretty good in a "bad for you" kind of way, but the service kind of dampened the experience for me. If I return, I'll hope that they don't lose my order again.	2010-07-09	0	0	0
Phcym0Z2hkgJ8RkY5UStyw	8KSK12p77qHb4gvN6DAncg	CcnyFhixeLLIw8UWYdiU9g	5	I am writing this from a husbands point of view.  I sat there while my wife got her Manicure done- took about 1/2 hour; what I saw is really a lost art nowadays.  Customer Service at its best.  The owner is "on-site" and working, he pays attention to each customer, listens to them and their needs, and genuinely  cares about his patrons.  Its this type of attitude that makes a business succeed.  Everyone of his employees was courteous and professional.  They are also good at what they do. -  - I saw they owner pick up a lady's purse and hang it on a hook for her next to where she was getting manicure done.......he could have walked right by-but they care.  This place is spotless too.Its a husband and wife team here. Both very nice and accommodating. -  - Guys- your wife will Thank You if you get her a gift certificate here-I promise.	2013-06-22	3	2	7
nKUo9I1F9oQ9SIvurK1Cww	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	PWrN03UEgWJQNfbLjbhSzA	5	I'm not much of a "review or feedback" person but this place is worth me signing up for a yelp account !!! It's the best pizza I have ever had hands down .... Like most newbees I had a hard time finding it here is a post that helped me find it :  -  - "Take escalators to restaurant floor (third floor). At top of escalators you will be facing Jaleo. Immediately on the left of this restaurant is a (narrow by Vegas standards) hallway - the pizza place is down this hallway. You'll see people indulging in pizza by the pool table in this area and know you've hit the right spot. :) -  - best, -  - the pokerfoodie" -  - If you stay on the strip and don't hit this place at least once your missing out big time!!!!	2012-07-31	0	0	0
QtmAzyJpM-muklOKf0wr6Q	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	P6i1aQ5h34UZAiaKp-1fSQ	5	This is a beautiful restaurant in a wonderful location on the Strip. I would come back to this place every single time I visit Las Vegas.This place is perfect for dates, but also for business meetings.  -  - There are 3 reasons to visit this restaurant: - - Amazing views of the Bellagio fountain - - Romantic outdoor/slightly indoor open seating. Mix of A/C and hot air is refreshing. Just a perfect, romantic ambiance. They really try to mimic eating in Paris - - Escargo (snail) dish. Every single restaurant that serves snail, I will order. (There's not many). I love the large amount of pesto and butter/oil they put on the snails, but just IMO add a little bit more salt, ask for some lemon, then it's perfect. Don't be scared to ask for more bread too.  -  - The food is definitely pricy but worth it ! I came during lunch hours, so it wasn't crowded and they were very efficient in serving and accommodating your preferences, whatever it is.  - All the dishes were served with positive attitude and a wonderful aesthetic. Thankfully the taste is just as great, if not better, than it looks. Just order anything, because there is no sub-par or bad food here. Not many times you remember for the rest of your life what a great lunch you had. But eating here was definitely one of the times in my life when I really remember having a great lunch. Maybe it depends who you bring with you to lunch, I guess. But I think either way, you wouldn't forget eating here even if you were by yourself.	2012-09-04	0	0	0
2xwok7ACRpdHp7YZS2-KPQ	8zL3V6rmFKBess3bxPLAoQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Had the champagne brunch here and I thought it was really good. Definitely one of the better Vegas buffets. Weekend brunch is about $32 a person. There was seafood available. I had fried shrimp, crab legs, muscles, and 2 hearty helpings of prime rib because it was so yummy!! There is a good amount of food here and the place is clean. Everything I tried was yummy, except for the wonton soup - that was nothing special. Service was prompt and good. There was also a good selection of dessert and I was too full to try it all. What I didn't like was at the dessert, some of the signs just say "assorted"... as if I know what that includes!!! Anyways, I guess that's why it's a buffet and you can try it all anyways! LOL. They also have gelato here. Seems like most buffets have gelato now... much better than ice cream or worst, soft serve!!! -  - This buffet is worth trying!! I wasn't disapointed at all!	2013-11-27	0	0	0
n5CXwgeTrbPRI1_u2Vkvfg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	ybik_17I-UUPQPVeC32uEg	4	We came here for dinner and tried a little of everything. A lot of dishes come in cute little pots which helps keep everything hot and conveniently portions things out for you. -  - I liked the variety of flavors in their selection. All kinds of salads (pasta salad, rice salad, reg salad), savory items (stew, potatoes, shrimp and grits), pastas, crab, prime rib, lamb, pizza, cold cuts and cheese... soups... chocolate covered strawberries, ice cream, cakes....	2011-12-03	0	0	0
KR_8Vgo85xgwxG5XmFj7ZQ	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	1UNDhcdgvL1N3SbRPbu7Ew	1	Place is alright but for the waitress, poor service and things sent over we didn't order.  We sent them back but had  additional items brought and not brought on the tab anyway.  She said me "that couldn't happen" and refused to take it off. Waitress included autograt.  -  - I have been here a dozen times and never get great service but enjoy myself.  This time will be my last.	2012-02-11	0	0	0
_jOng2xKnCETAjc2NKjLHQ	kV37euU3wV69qHncpimVtA	8tCgNjvzZT2ITsviHNxk0A	5	This is a great shop.  I have had 4 pieces done here from a small pinup on my leg to a half sleeve that rolls through my chest.  All my work has been done by Buddy and he is a champ at his work.  Very personable people with above and beyond skill levels.  I get asked constantly who did my work.  You will not regret giving them a shot.  True Professionals.	2013-04-22	1	1	1
LSjn2igm42qEz0-6_Yl64g	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	I was fortunate to get off work early a couple of nights ago...and much to my surprise...my man got off at the same time. Hooray...impromptu date night. He suggested Grind burger but I wanted a po' boy from Lola's. He enthusiastically agreed and off we went.  -  - We arrive to a not very crowded restaurant so we were worried that they were closing soon (I have a no showing up 30 minutes prior to closing rule....it just works out better for all involved). They welcomed us with open arms willing to feed two very hungry people.  -  - Our server was very sweet and attentive (for the life of me I can't remember his name....shame on me...I do remember he wore glasses). We ordered our usual Abita beers (my man got an amber ale and I opted for the purple haze), crab cake appetizer with lemon garlic aioli, a fried shrimp po' boy and a roast beef debris po' boy (both dressed of course). As for side dishes...sweet potato fries were on my mind (be sure to ask for a side of honey mustard dressing...just makes the fries so much tastier...if that's possible).  -  - It was so yummy and just what the doctor ordered. There was very little conversation and lots of masticating (I LOVE that word). We were too full and tired for dessert....but we left very happy campers. We will be back soon :)	2011-04-07	3	0	3
L92RtnJ7ELtMPXR9q8JFsQ	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	MK_RTQD7KIcvqLrTeE9bYg	5	So our first stop was Hash House A Go Go, as seen on both Food Network (Chefs Vs. City) and Travel Channel (Man vs. Food and Food Paradise). We got the Sage fried Chicken and waffles. Just so we're clear, I totally forgot about this, but bacon is cooked into the waffle. I repeat the bacon is in the waffle. Four waffles piled on each other, with two pieces of fried chicken at the top skewered by a stick of sage, covered with fried leeks and drizzled with maple syrup (Don't worry syrup lovers, they also give you a little dish of more syrup). Fried Chicken and Waffles are my jam, I don't like eggs so I don't have a lot of breakfast foods I do like, but this combines the best of not just both worlds, but all worlds. The chicken was moist and juice, had a fantastic crisp noise when you broke into it. And the waffles, crisp enough with slabs of bacon just hanging out. All combined with maple syrup and you have a winning combination. We heeded many warnings and split it between two of us. Because of that we also allowed ourselves a side of crispy potatoes, which were good, just paled in comparison to whatever else we had going on on our tastebuds. It was all very intense, we got there around 9, just missing massive crowds, and we didn't eat again until dinner.	2012-03-11	0	0	0
-U8Xqo6lgAwEwIjVzoLIGw	-2n-OHbbwIv3SY8RP9bgTQ	Kv3cXS8jUZ5s9paxOm9jiw	2	Atmosphere 4/5 - Food is 2/5 - Disappointing !!	2013-07-01	0	0	1
h4Ezzh89rWWnXyw337nsYg	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	JlCHV_KkGjdXRpK34w49Dg	4	I was on a business trip in Vegas alone. Researched Yelp and found this place. Came alone around 5pm. There was no crowd. I was like "did I make a mistake?". The place is small, has interesting decor. Server was super super nice.  -  - Orders: - - Grilled Whole Squid: really tender, really nice grilled flavor, a bit salty for me - - Chicken Gizzards: good flavor, the pieces are tiny though - - Uni in Ponzu sauce: my first time try Uni. really interesting. Not hating. Melting in the mouth. - - Yellow Tail Tartar : has an unexpected spicy kick to it which I like.  - - Beef tongues: love love love this. so yummy. Ordered second for this - - Honey Toast: I don't like bread or very sweet stuffs. Ordered this since it is recommended on Yelp. It's HUGE! Like 4 rubik cubes together of bread, with a scoop of ice cream, drizzled with honey! I was shocked when the server brought it out. Didn't even come close to finish it. It is ok. They did a good job of toasting that whole block of bread though. It's not my favorite. -  - Overall a really good experience. A company would be nice. But hey I ate everything except that block of bread. Came right under $50 including tip, right under dinner allowance by the company. Full, happy and will be back.	2010-07-01	0	0	0
YePVp-ex-q8bh49y0Ien6A	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	eMWZ2mRO1dP3sdr9jYrwXw	4	Usually like to visit Vegas to go shopping at their outlet malls but when I am feeling baller-ish we usually go to the Fashion Show Mall. It's actually one of my favorite malls as there are low end and high end stores there. One of the biggest attractions there is the fashion shows they usually have. Because it was the holidays they had a whole little Christmas get up with dancing girls and a Santa Claus that looked oh so real. Anyway, they have a large selection of stores and they have lots of parking.	2011-12-29	0	0	1
hKq_dJyroY8M1pKdJ4A_sg	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	8eQtyMJ7g-zTXnHIyUycZA	3	Went here for my BFF's birthday and was so excited, we both printed out menu copies and highlighted what we wanted to order. Yeah, we're like that. LOL -  - Complimentary bread was delicious. They had focaccia, pretzel, pumpernickel, and sourdough. The pretzel was my favorite. -  - Bone marrow flan - So decadent, yet light at the same time. Wish we got more toasted brioche for it, though. (It's OK because the waiter came back and gave more bread and it worked just fine.) - Asparagus, poached egg, and bacon vinaigrette - Simple and yummy. I would get it again. -  - BFF and I split a bone-in ribeye. It was OK. We've had better. - Friend had the petite filet mignon. She finished it, so I'm assuming it was good? -  - For sides, we got: - Wild mushrooms with shishito peppers - Too sweet and not enough savory. - Creamed spinach - It was OK. I've had better. - Fingerling potatoes - This was really yummy! My favorite of the sides. -  - The food was good overall, but we ordered too much/got full off the bread and apps, so we only had a few bites of the steak and sides. We asked to pack up the leftovers but they only came back with the steak. When we asked where our sides were, they said they threw them out. WTH? Why? We honestly had like a few bites of each. They threw away like $50 worth of food. :( The waiter offered us coffee after and we thought it was his way of apologizing for throwing away our food... until we saw the bill. He charged us for that, too. -  - The food was good. But I think I'll get my steak somewhere else.	2011-02-14	0	0	0
UPu6qbfeoJziMjB1VSWSRg	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	3	Chicken was good, salad was tasty and the California roll and soup were not enjoyable.  This place wouldn't last in LA. Checked out the sushi in the case and went with a safe option.	2013-12-18	0	0	0
5i7X4f_k62CT76jwIn-yAQ	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	wtetKGea0cE6J4iE6GK5Vw	4	I was surprised how much I loved these tacos! I had the grilled fish taco and the short rib...both were BOMB! Gluten free corn tortilla, the corn is not dipped in flour so it's prefection!	2014-02-26	0	0	0
hhbkgAbOCZTTCVG1aVoKQQ	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	B8cYcBWW9bkEJKR46Jou7g	5	Wow, if you can make it out here, you have to, at least for breakfast.  We got the chilequiles and the pancakes, both dishes were excellent.  The pancakes had a great texture, served with maple syrup, and were massive...what else do you want?  oh some sausage, yeah it comes with that too. -  - Now about that sausage that came with both dishes, some of the best sausage I've ever tasted, if you like it a little sweet.  The chilequiles you just have to try, so many contrasting flavors and textures that I just can't put into words... -  - Too bad it's a car ride away from the strip, but maybe that just means you can eat here without a crazy wait.  And the portions are very generous, don't plan on eating lunch after breakfast here.	2014-01-01	1	0	0
1dIOLDmWWbD_emxPe4P3pA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	3	A friend took me here late night after my 22nd birthday celebration and I've been a repeat visitor every since.  My favorite things to eat in this small place are: honey toast (toasted tower of bread with honey drizzled all over and vanilla ice cream in the center), the chicken meatball skewers, and the infamous beef bowl (strips of beef over rice with carrots, green onion, ginger, with a light yummy broth at the bottom of the bowl).  The prices aren't bad either with the things I usually order never costing more than $10.  My only gripe about this place is that they have tons of special dishes that are featured all over the walls of the restaurant, so if you don't see something that you like on the menu you have to scour the photographs on the wall for a dish.	2011-05-18	0	0	0
p1gNFh8lbxacKpcuncQYKA	9Bnc9YP0n5cR57xkP6fQmQ	f99mfThnEN3NFuYnQmUVcA	4	love love the view from the top of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino. it made a great birthday lunch, it was delicious! Service was great!	2012-03-14	0	0	0
6AEI2zTEuwTkAm77dPk5-w	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	6RuyOE6fXF5QzSeKAOTCrw	5	This place is $$$$ for sure. Amazing steak!! I've been here twice and impressed both times.	2013-09-29	0	0	0
qksbvu3vCTV9P7q-dk7TXw	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	N8EuJIMzMa3hSPSSSUfJSg	4	Very yummy and quaint place. I was initially put off by the 45- 60 minute wait the hostess quoted our party of 5 on a Sunday but we ended up only waiting about 20 minutes. No one ordered the red velvet cakes so I could try them but I did sample the biscuits and gravy and well as the extremely buttery hash browns. I had the Adobo friend rice.... fried rice wrapped in an omelete. If it had some sort of yummy sauce on it (hollandaise?) it might have been superb, nevertheless, it was very tasty. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive to our needs. I will be back.	2012-04-16	0	0	0
u5m8wi-WuMMpjZYH3VtRpw	e9Bg3IaFrFz-d_lbVM-GZw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	New business that sells guns and gear here.  Pulled up and was about to have lunch over at Henry's when I saw workers putting up a new sign next door. Nevada Guns & Gear. I took a peek then walked in since the door was opened.   Sure enough this place was definatley Mr. B's kind of store.  Employee and Grant the owner was friendly and pretty helpful.  Trying to find ammo in stock is pretty rare right now and this place came thru.   They barely just opened and they are still putting up merchandise so we'll be checking out this store more later in the week.  -  - note:I added business info thru my phone +more info to the business info section but it's not showing up yet, so check the tip section for their phone no.	2013-03-05	3	0	6
GbSqC1dTHGgX2wav53b07w	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	VLBEI6V097km-eVpBKTSsw	5	I could write a very long review telling you how this is the most amazing steak you can find and a million other great things about this place. Instead I'm just going to say AMAZING!!! Worth every penny. They treat you amazing here and they are VERY quick with the steak. Don't miss this place.	2011-05-23	1	1	1
pG9Q1ccmCLewH3zqebyr8g	CFcw-FSoImgmZBiXlzbdEA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	This location for Big Lots rock! You've got Target as it's anchor and three other discount retailers all here at Lake Mead Crossings. A savvy shoppers dream!   A big plus...how CLEAN, ORGANIZED and WELL STOCKED this store is! I walked into this store and it still has that "new store smell" if there's such a thing. -  - I know some may scrunch and turn up their nose at the mention of shopping here, I admit I do sometimes! But if you are a bargain hunter then you know where to score quality home deco merchandise for cheaper than cheap! I've spotted many closeouts from major retailers here. (like Pier 1 Imports...shhh).  -  - This place has probably the largest square footage of BL's furniture department Ive seen. So if you're looking for furniture check here first. Ive been shopping  all over the place so I recognize labels that major retailers carry, and wow they have it here at deep discounts. And did I mention everything is easy to find here..no packages look worn or torn up or out of place.  The aisles felt crowded though..that's about it.  -  - They even have an electronics section with mini laptops and tablets that are super affordable $99!! ..I bought one for Mr. B for the heck of it and it works great!  -  - Staff was friendly and helpful. The store manager was on the floor helping us out with questions I had on electronics. -  - Happy that I checked this place out and Mr. B is happy too, I saved him some money! Stars for good prices, good selection, happy staff and making this neat freak happy. Making this Big Lots store the one I'll shop at from now on.	2013-03-23	3	3	4
v5FHPPv5BCl-WCeOcq7UCA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	DDad5K6GNA0sXB7N1OB6wg	4	This place was pretty interesting. I never thought of japanese and italian being a fusion combo, but here it is.  -  - The italian food was different, but not worth it. My fiance ordered the TanTan-Men and Gyoza and wow, you definitely get what you paid for. So much food and large pot of ramen. The prices are reasonable, approx $10 per person, maybe a little more if you order drinks and/or dessert.	2010-10-11	0	0	0
jKz0OsZow_4xqlIIh2Gr1w	OyJ_CGX0-bh-7VicqfBXGw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	5	There is just something about a brick and mortar book store that really appeals to me. I can't tell you if it's the smell of the books, or the feeling you get when you walk inside of the quiet or just the overwhelming feel of knowledge abounding in all corners that wins it over for me, but why not all of the above? This B&N has a lot to offer for the book lover.   -  - When you enter you get the feeling that this location is similar to the rest of the chain, but if you walk a little further into the store, you'll see that there are some unique pieces to be found here.  They have the standard cafe section where you can grab a coffee and a snack while sitting and enjoying a magazine or a quick read from a book.  Or you can venture to the back of the store and you'll find a brick planter type area that has seats surrounding it and tons of natural sunlight during the day where you can be surrounded by book shelves and quiet readers and enjoy a little "you-time."   -  - Over to the far right of the store they have long tables set up where they have meet-ups and reading and other events throughout the year, so be sure to ask for a schedule if you are into that kind of thing.   -  - All in all this a great location for the chain and we love to stop in here when given the chance.	2014-03-31	1	0	0
zKZPhXV9g_JqUmQWipVd5g	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	WsPgO3ycZjRp7wFh18JdMQ	5	Mix was my favorite bar in Vegas. The ultimate ultra-lounge, it's 64 floors above The Strip, and wow, the view is incredible. The people aren't too bad looking either. If you're looking for a place to kick back with bottle service, gaze at the wonder that is Vegas, meet some attractive mens and just chill and dance a little, this is the spot. -  - It was a little bit of a swankier crowd than some of the other bars, and thank god! Hey, I'm a Mission girl, but I can doll my shit up, and some of those other bars are just waaayyy too meat-markety mainstream for me.	2008-04-25	10	7	7
rWNQLcEbPAsSUtJy4p-QMQ	OyJ_CGX0-bh-7VicqfBXGw	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I like this place a lot but it's not as big as other Barnes & Nobles I've seen around.  Then again I've seen some even smaller than this location too. -  - They have a wide selection of books to choose from but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the location.  It's kind of on a weird corner so if you park and try to cross the street to get to it, it becomes a game of Frogger.  You're trying to make it from your car to the bookstore without getting hit.  I generally have to park elsewhere and walk around the outdoor mall a bit to get here.  It seems easier than parking really close to it. -  - Not really much you can say about a book store.   It's great, wide selection.  Bathrooms could stand to be cleaner but the staff is friendly so that counts for something.	2014-04-26	0	0	0
gpdGCD3Jj8ny6VMzXc5Ocg	Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw	96QoVG4OvT3sdeaDsoOrog	3	If you want to live it up like you're a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills...but you live in Scottsdale...Arizona, then this is the place to be!  There's a Gucci, Nieman Marcus, and even a Barney's all under one roof.  Don't forget -- the more you spend, the more fabulous you are!!! -  - Want to feel extra fancy/important...Valet your car! -  - Who cares that there's ample structure parking that's just as close.  Self parking at the mall is for poor people!!!	2011-02-08	0	8	1
iORY25NzgkbfJIpAXrQfzA	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	dWB8lxnALBA0MBhocIfQGA	4	Best piece of advise I can give you about LofS is to KNOW YOUR SPICE LEVEL.  If you don't just ask the waiter.  I've made that mistake once or twice and paid for it dearly during the meal.  Beyond that, most of the food here you can't go wrong with.  Try something new if it sounds good and generally it'll be amazing. -  - I've been here about a dozen times now and the tom kha soup is what keeps me coming back.  Absolutely amazing.   Having said that, usually we'll order 4 or 5 dishes and chow down, it seems that all the chefs there aren't exactly cooking the same meals consistently.  We'll LOVE a dish one night, try it again on the next visit and ... well... just isn't the same.  It's still good, just not mind-blowing *shruggs* can't win them all. -  - If you know you are planning on trying here, MAKE RESERVATIONS, if you are trying to get in last minute at dinner time, try showing up 15/20/30min before they open.  The line usually will already be forming at the time but I've had good luck getting in that way.   -  - Best of luck to you and hopefully you enjoy!	2013-07-29	0	0	1
iuVoWJy7IGEZA1ic-DVTgw	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	3	this place is all right. - I have never seen such a diverse menu compromised of hot dogs. - i got the hot dog burrito which had three hot dogs and filled with cheese and other stuff. it was pretty yummy. - the onion rings are really good too. I think it's a little pricey for a hot-dog specialty joint, but this place is worth trying once -  in your lifetime.	2011-06-02	0	0	0
P9rc4IvC9T9_fYy2DeLwiQ	notMxQXE3BaBAgiD-o1jgg	t_-zY4tStYR2XEvBoErTIg	5	Amazing drinks, great food. Never had a bad experience.  Except one time there was a lot of flies during the day. Other than that all food so far is delish and drinks are too!	2014-04-09	0	0	0
oQm2c3CXUyXY__RJgtGQLA	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	Br9o4CNzhwUw4YUHseGA-g	5	This place rocks!	2012-06-08	0	0	0
u3jnNDl9l2zlvecsm956jg	Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	There is almost always parking in the underground garage by Barneys!  Shade and easy spot finding in an otherwise busy area!  Although this place is on the swankier side as far as stores that are available, it's a large mall that allows for plenty of walking around time.  This is obviously ideal in the summer considering the a/c and all of the food court offerings (including yogurt).   -  - Side note: if you are looking for Starbucks it isn't actually inside of the mall, but outside in a stand alone location by the valet and Kona Grill / Yardhouse.  It's also a nice spot to sit in the shade with plenty of tables, chairs, and couches.   -  - Overall: A- - Wish there were a few more inexpensive locations to shop, but the mall is clean, nicely designed and has plenty of walk space.	2013-09-24	1	0	1
SDUPsikMkw2R3ruysD9cqQ	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	pRMY4p9ugveNeqTD4qcI8g	4	I came here for lunch and this place gets packed but well worth the wait. Make sure to get animal style cheese burger and animal style fries. And I washed it all down with a strawberry shake. If you're gonna eat unhealthy, you might as well go all the way in my book. Afterward, I walked back to the strip (30 minutes) to walk off my fullness. Why not 5 stars? I prefer a medium to thick patty. In n Out looks like a skinny McDonald patty. I like a decent chunk of meat and see the juice spew out just a little. A burger is not a burger if its not at least bit greasy.  -  - But I admit these are the best fries I ever had. Not greasy but crisp and no salt needed. You can actually see them make the fries fresh from the potato.  -  - I asked for In n Out sauce packets, so I'm gonna experiment on my own burgers/sandwiches at home :)	2010-10-25	0	0	0
WryIPimJmIkp6mNCdxAX9g	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	Wanting for many years to visit the Hollywood location, I jumped at the chance to finally taste one of these famous dogs albeit in the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. It probably isn't the same experience, but hey, it was a pretty good hot dog. It's located right on the strip, outside of the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. There is a gated off area outside to sit and eat that is cooled by mist fans. It was still hot, but I was enjoying my dog too much to care. -  - I ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog. It was a mouth watering experience with the popping hot dog casing, to the beefy flavor, the addition of chili, and the paramount additive that is crispy bacon. The crusty sweet onion rings put it all over the top. Honestly on this trip, this was probably the best hot dog I had. The other being from Nathan's in NY NY (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nathans-famous-hot-dogs-las-vegas), but I'm sure it was a result of the fashion in which it was prepared (i.e. griddle which is best vs hot rollers). -  - Yeah, I didn't see any Hollywood stars but who cares. I was there for the hot dog and it was really good.	2010-08-10	0	0	0
-UuPIT25xk4_FuEOJEgYEA	DnRlgVMRC5XI7urv1A35_Q	-q-oqfDCV6WiJJrsSXIawg	3	What comic aficionados like to find in a store are great service and even greater price. You get one out of the two in this place. As of this writing, there is a 3 D mania that is sweeping the comic world. Along the same mania, greed is also tagging along. I walked into the store and the same day that the 3D comics were released, the store has already raised the prices above cover price from $3.99 to $6.95. I understand the law of supply and demand and the capitalistic environment we live in. However, when I drove to three other stores, they were selling the same comics for cover price. These stores understands that loyalty to customers can improve their capitalistic endeavors. The back issue of this place is improving, and again, overpriced. The staff is friendly and the people who play with MagicThe Gathering are cool people. I just wish that the prices of their comics are not so high.	2013-09-22	0	0	1
Kp6mTQ9wuvCZgyH0dG41hw	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	BSNMxoul8JiIA4vmo0D6xQ	4	This buffet is definitely one of the better buffets on the strip and worth stopping by. I cam here for Sunday brunch which is always popular here.  The line came out onto the casino floor when I arrived with my party so it was a bitI of a wait.  Once inside we were showed to our table and made a dash to start plating up some food.  Many different items to choose from including fresh sliced turkey and prime rib and omelets made to order.  The scrambled eggs in the buffet were very runny but the omelet man was able to cook up some fresh ones that were well done.  The server was busy of course but pretty attentive and easy to get a hold of for more drinks and champagne. Can't go wrong with a champagne brunch! The desserts were excellent and it's always difficult to save room but definitely try! The coffee is always outstanding. I try to have at least 2 cups of it there.  Highly recommend!!	2012-03-13	0	0	0
k3Get0k4ip3avglfzrhRXw	9Bnc9YP0n5cR57xkP6fQmQ	pRMY4p9ugveNeqTD4qcI8g	3	Over hyped, over expensive food. I'm a true believer that good food should not cost an arm and a leg. But if its expensive it should taste better than Olive garden. I had the lobster bisque which tasted good during the first 5 spoon fulls but become too rich for a large bowl ($12). For entree, I ordered the seafood alfredo with lobster, prawns and scallops. Lobster was overcooked and I only found 2 chunks ($45). The pasta tasted like whole wheat pasta and I'm pretty sure the menu did not state whole wheat. I sampled my friend's salmon dish ($40) and it tasted overcooked and dried out. I also tried the foie gras tater tots ($11) which tasted more like mediocre hush puppies than anything like foie gras. The Mini desserts trio are not even worth mentioning. I was really looking forward to the meal and its sad that I prefer Olive Garden over this place. Yes, the view is pretty awesome and its rotating. But you can pay $16 to check out the view and walk around it slowly if you want to simulate the rotating view. There are so many better options on/off the strip! -  - If you like thrill rides, check out Big Shot, Insanity and X Scream. Price of tickets include admission to the top of the tower. -  - If you don't believe me that this place is overpriced compare the lunch menu to the dinner menu. The same entrees on the lunch menu are double in price on the dinner menu.  -  - Don't fall for this tourist trap!	2010-10-25	0	0	0
fySv0qsDuBJCGACjoqDg7g	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	N8EuJIMzMa3hSPSSSUfJSg	4	I sat at the Craftsteak bar on an early Friday night with my girlfriend. We were served by veteran bartender, Alex, who made the most scrumptious and intoxicating Raspberry Martini's. Along with pleasant conversation the seemingly crowded bar was very friendly. We made friends with the couple next to us and the solo dude on the other side of us. The mini rolls were yummalicious as well as the Braised short ribs (cooked 24 hours and like butta)  and potato puree. Finished the evening with an outstanding Monkey Bread and banana ice cream dessert. Soooo, not expecting the wonderful vibe, atmosphere and delicious food but it was all there. Thanks again Alex!	2010-02-07	0	0	0
qQg6FdkKwPLCfXKqBvrthw	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	This place never disappoints. The monkeys and I came here to get out of the house (my mom came down with the stomach flu overnight and didn't need to be disturbed by Colt and Kaiya's noise). We roll in...portable DVD players in tow (the BEST money I have EVER spent...absolute silence from the monkeys) and who do we see...none other than the manager, Steve. He remembered us instantly (nice touch) and sat us at the most kid-friendly booth he had. Nicole was our server and she was on top of it, she even separated the kids usual french toast order on two plates (thank you for sparing us the fight). I actually had the chicken fried steak and yogurt parfait. Both were divine! The portion for the CFS was HUGE (I barely made a dent in it). The parfait was so delicious with berry sauce, fresh (and big) blueberries and granola. -  - I will always be a loyal patron of Rise and Shine for the delicious food and for Steve and his caring/attentive staff. Keep up the good work.	2011-03-25	1	1	2
YC7wWOeYU7YL_QiCgJd4Fw	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	iSGMocGcppfcWv1edA2oJA	4	Flay Bien! -  - Food is not hard to find in Vegas, a place to get drinks is not hard to find, and you can even find several places to sit and talk, but why not just go to Mesa Grille and get all three?  -  - The Mesa grill is a friendly upbeat establishment in the dreary heart of Caesar's Palace. It is a welcome sanctuary of fine dining without the explosive price tag or pomp.  -  - The food is a down South seafood kind of thing, but it is safe seafood for the faint of stomach (no fried fish heads or anything). We started with several appetizers, but I only really remember one: the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Garlic Tamale... wipe the drool off your keyboard. What an incredible appetizer... even the name is appetizing. My entree was the Ancho Crusted Sea Scallop, and oh my I am glad I got that. The meal had such a rich flavor and was wonderfully complimented by the Cornmeal Crusted Anaheim Chile Relleno and, believe it or not, the Roasted Brussel Sprouts with Walnuts and Pomegranates.  Insanity! -  - I also really enjoyed the emphasis Mesa puts on their Tequila selection. They have over 30 brands of Tequila in Blanco and Anejo styles to fit your taste, and since Tequila fits my taste it was quite a nice way to try new styles.   -  - At least go for tequila and an app or two. At most go all out because this place has great food, wonderful service, and a light tasteful atmosphere.	2009-01-14	2	0	2
0TGFVJu2g0BYzrVLjaiM1g	HXATHtS6NpV7UrOVZZ4PGw	UC0dpX2T06sJg7BTrhsfkA	5	So bummed this location is closing.... Friendliest employees, store was always clean and well-stocked. A nice variety of gluten-free items. I almost cried seeing the "store closing" sign. I hope this store's team are all able to find jobs at other F&E locations.	2013-09-15	0	0	1
pvuWoMGda304zggmP0rfyw	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	DxbN2BD5ULWa-LC5IMOPZQ	4	Love the ambiance . Quaint Urban setting in an old downtown home. Live music, patio dining as well as indoors.   Beer and Wine bar.	2014-01-29	0	0	0
vEugJgv1HFtKWbI9Dln57g	Pz7SWZQhxL6ZbhL9jE2NTA	WsPgO3ycZjRp7wFh18JdMQ	5	We saved Mix Restaurant for our splurge night in Vegas, and oh, did it live up to the hype. Walking into Mix, we were immediately blown away. The restaurant is perched atop the Mandalay Bay Hotel, with gorgeous views of the strip. Everything is white leather, and glass blown bubbles hang from the ceiling, creating a dreamscape ambiance. -  - When we first opened our menus, I gasped at the prices, and then thought, "I deserve this, absolutely!" I ordered the "surf n' turf", which is halibut with seared fois gras, laid over brussel sprouts and drizzled with black truffle oil. Oh. My. Lord. Connie got the rare peppered bison, and Jessica ordered the cod fish with a parmesan foam. Everything was melt in your mouth 5 star perfection!  -  - Our server, Lee Christopher (from the Bay!) had an obvious love affair with food, and spoke to it like poetry. From the perfect wine pairings, to the toasty madeleines brought to us straight from the oven, Mix exceeded our every expectation with their superb service. A tip -- be sneaky, and order the pureed fruit with the panna cotta foam. It's not on the menu, but it's the best thing we had all night! -  - Do I really deserve all this? I don't know. But I'm sure glad I can convince myself I do!	2008-04-22	10	7	10
_DBSsL0nwfT77eGzj2AlZQ	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	2	First of all, I decided to try this place because my brother told me about it. It was my only day off in my 6 day workweek, so I decided to pack my kid in the car and go on adventure. My brother said this place was kinda cool so I wanted to grocery shop some place different.  -  - When I pulled up my first impression was that it looked like a Whole Foods Market. I walked in a thought the store looked very clean and organized. I made my way throughout the store and my initial impression was, "Dang, I wish this store was closer to my house!" But the longer I stayed in the store, the quicker my excitement faded. It wasn't the lack of product, aesthetics or organization of the store - it was the feeling I had as I shopped. With the exception of two people, never once was I greeted or offered assistance. Here's the thing: it's a grocery store, you technically can figure out where things are...but when I'm walking through a business establishment and never once greeted (including management) my immediate feeling is that they could care less if I shopped in their store. As I saw employees restock their shelves, almost everyone looked like they had somewhere better to be. No smiles, no energy, no warm feeling. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting service like I was in a 5 star hotel - but I've been in retail for 20 years and a manager for 12+ years...and believe the employees' demeanor and behaviors are just a indicator of how the business is run. Just my two cents on that.  -  - I ended up buying shrimp, donuts, fritters, chips and other goods totaling almost $60. For lunch, I stopped at the sushi counter and the lady was probably the friendliest employee I encountered. I was interested in buying some seafood and meat, but once I got to the butcher station, the lady behind the counter was so consumed in whatever task she was doing that she never even looked up to ask if I needed help. At the checkout counter, the cashier was nice enough, but honestly, I've received friendlier service at Wal-Mart. During my transaction (it was a debit), the register timed out and I had to repeat my transaction. I asked the cashier, "So, the other transaction won't count?" Defensively, she replied that it wouldn't. The only reason why I asked her was because where I work, if the register times out during a debit transaction, it sometimes WILL take the sale so I wanted to make sure. I was taken aback that she got so defensive as if I was attacking her cashiering expertise.  -  - I ate at their little sitting area and enjoyed my sushi lunch which tasted absolutely delicious. During my lunch some head honcho/corporate looking people were around me and half the time I thought, "Manage your people, not the product and perhaps you'll see an increase in profits."  -  - For the items I purchased: 5 stars.  - For not even being said hello to: 0 stars.  - For the cleanliness and organization of the store: 4 stars.  - For the price differential in items: 1 star (certain items were priced reasonably and certain items were just way overpriced).  - For the lackluster customer service: 1 star (only because the sushi lady was actually nice).  -  - AND on top of that, I nearly got run overed by some chick driving way to fast in the parking lot even though I was walking IN THE GD CROSSWALK and I had right of way.  -  -  - Oh wait, the bouncer/security guard guy at the door - - seriously?!!? If you're going to park someone over there, then at least have that person say, "Have a great day" WHILE LOOKING IN MY SHOPPING CART. (I know that's what you're doing - - checking if I stole anything.)  -  - Glazier's management: you have a beautiful store with great product in it - but I think you need to revisit the customer service piece of it too.  -  - I'd only come back if I was on that side of town. I'll save my gas and more money by going to Winco.	2013-05-23	0	1	1
stZJr_OW5JO4gL6bW2xvhg	a0qlhZlik3vNXEHsf-pEgQ	K3gyYp_Q-NaRWOeij2_OmA	1	Awful. Went in and told the lady my bra size and she told me I was completely wrong and didn't know what I was talking about. After a few minutes of telling me I didn't know what I was talking about, she then measured me and was quite surprised that I was right about my size. Then she told me that they couldn't help me because I was too big in cup and too small in the waist.  It was an embarrassing and horrible experience.	2013-02-05	0	0	0
qsJL7dy7mI4OkDwUtaXSPg	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	VP8p0UYM0i9EOdhT8cm2Gg	4	I love hot and juicy craw fish! Every time I go to Vegas, I'd like to stop by and eat here. Although last night, the craw fish didn't taste good since it was "California" craw fish instead of Louisiana craw fish. It had a fishy smell and the shell was harder than usual. The head had this white stringy thing that lead to the back so it was gross to see and eat it. Other than that, the sauce is really good! I would definitely come back but I would order the Lousiana craw fish this time. Overall, I had a pleasant experience once again.	2012-10-15	0	0	0
pZIxq0-XPQ1e9lT53dbVzQ	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	5	More like 4.5 stars but I'll round up =) -  - The stone crab appetizer was delicious but I was really there to get my steak on.  My filet mignon was prepared to perfection.  Other high-end steakhouses can't seem to give me the medium-rare that I always request -- and so I always end up disappointed with a bland medium-well.  What the heck, right??!  Isn't it your JOB to know how to cook a steak??   Come on now! -  - But Joe's...WOW...that steak was probably one of the best I've ever had.  The meat was extremely tender and cooked exactly medium-rare.  There was not a single thing I did not like about it.  The sides of mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, and sauteed spinach were absolutely scrumptious. -  - Ended the dinner with their coffee (served in a nice little mini kettle so it's actually about 3 cups) which I must say was very good as well.  What makes this place even better were their more than reasonable prices and excellent service.  Awesomeness.	2009-08-31	1	0	2
LEkvVqv9dKRBPsmyu3259A	LUhVfCMmLaiKKGvXTVc20A	hwkTaP01baTDvN9iA7MD1g	5	My kids have been going to Dr. Nishihara for 7 years now and we would never go anywhere else. I've always found him to be an incredibly caring and knowledgable doctor. When my daughter was hospitalized for a week, Dr. Nishihara was there every day, often with presents, and made sure that we were comfortable with the treatment plan decided by the specialists. I know that he genuinely loves my children, and you can't find better than that!	2011-06-14	0	0	1
WMDa-8xve1RkjpITbA59LA	3MmHmJXr8Ltk_Z5EGE4KUw	mC6kiyzOHPVOFe9coEBD1A	5	Carnevino is INCREDIBLE. I was lucky to dine here for a work dinner, so prices were not of importance (and I'm thankful for that!). It was the first time I had been to a restaurant tied in with a well-known chef and I was not disappointed. I half expected a very standard meal, but was blown away at the quality here. -  - The bartenders and servers were very attentive and quick to help out. Also, happy to customize for you. We had a few that ordered martini's with special requests. I opted for an extra dirty martini, which was delicious. -  - I could have dined on the Shrimp "Alla Diavolo" appetizer alone. The spice and tomato flavors matched perfectly with the huge shrimp. SO delicious. The oysters were equally delicious. -  - I had a tough time at dinner. I'm very picky about my steak and was unsure, but went for it after all. I ordered it medium plus, and it was just about perfect. But that was not the most memorable part. The person next to me ordered his steak "blue". Not knowing what that was, I gave it a try, and it was heavenly. A crisp char and raw inside reminded me of tuna steak. It's not something I ever imagined I would crave but I still remember the taste and texture to this day! -  - Though stuffed, we still opted for dessert (and too many of them). The Chocolate & Peanut Butter Torte was my favorite, as well as the Flourless Chocolate Cake. Great spot!	2014-02-26	0	0	0
g_h7JH1Ccs6cepz6eBmYoA	LUFA1zyso9upnRQnO2qbQA	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	I got a call a couple of days ago at work from my mom telling me that my boy had decided that it would be a SUPER idea to run with his truck along the ground and face plant into the cabinet...therefore popping his chin wide open (cue lots of blood, crying and panic). I race home like a bat outta heck and take him to St. Rose.  -  - I have my dad call in advance to make sure they take my insurance...he said the lady on the phone was quick and courteous....so we all pile in the car and off we go. My boy is being so brave...just kinda whimpering and informing us that he needed his chin fixed (my son..Captain Obvious). -  - We roll into the emergency room and its pretty crowded for a Thursday evening (we checked in around 6:45pm). Julianne O took care of my son's vitals (blood pressure, weight, all that fun stuff). She was so kind and caring. He warmed right up to her (funny how he does that to a pretty girl...I think I might have a future Casanova on my hands). The nice part about St. Rose is that they have an adult emergency room and a pediatric emergency room. The adult side was moving quickly...but the kiddos side was moving like molasses (the wait sucked but my boy was fine...the bleeding had stopped and he was watching Iron Man on his little DVD player...so we were not in a life threatening state).  -  - Finally, after about 3 hours Dr. Vincent (I can't remember his last name) came out and apologized profusely for the wait and explained that it was like a fire sale on the pediatric side. He was so great with little kids (he was talking to my boy about Iron Man while he was assessing his chin). Thankfully Dr. Vincent determined that he didn't need stitches and that Dermabond (skin glue) could be used. One of the nurses brought out some numbing stuff for his chin because before it could be glued the wound had to be cleaned out...which stings a lot.  -  - They take us back to a room and we wait a bit longer...which is fine because when I took a look around I wanted to get on my knees and thank God that my boy was not severely sick or injured like some of the other kids there. Nurse Theresa (such a sweetie...also chatting up my boy about Iron Man) and Dr. Vincent came back to finish the procedure. He had a BRILLIANT idea to have me hold the portable DVD player over my son's head so he could focus on that while they rinse out and glue his wound. It worked BEAUTIFULLY and I am extremely proud to say that my boy didn't make a peep (such a little studmuffin!). -  - All in all we ended up getting out of there around 11pm (its an ER...you are going to wait a while) with my boy showing off his cool bandages and well-earned Iron Man stickers to everyone who would look. I am very impressed with how Dr. Vincent and all the ER staff at St. Rose handled the crowds...so caring and professional. So basically the moral of the story is if you ever feel bad about your life or even day...go sit in an ER for a bit and you will change your tune quite quickly. Thanks Dr. Vincent!	2011-03-25	2	0	3
We0spLMe9WIL1aYgfz8YdA	TpbjNkUAeh50hSviDaATiQ	ngyzUHegpUy9T4_522B2nw	5	AMAZING DOCTORS! - SIMPLY WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE! - Ask for Ashley, she is amazing and awesome to talk to. My mouth has never felt better and after the exam and treatment all I want to do is recommend EVERYONE to go here!	2014-06-15	0	0	0
HJyJ1Z5pmuy36cZK95smqA	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	6RuyOE6fXF5QzSeKAOTCrw	4	Get the farm burger! This place is one of the best burger places in Vegas and I'm a local. The line to wait for a table can be long but goes by fairly quickly. Try the truffle fries too!	2014-01-28	0	0	0
wiKCeCTUgSGVcj3xEySK2Q	fr1EyhR8-YgwWmN5oV4r8w	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	4	I think this store depends on the person shopping there.  Some people go in and leave angry they can't afford anything there, but you should know when you walk in it's going to be expensive. -  - I must say there isn't much they have that I'm not in love with, however I wish they had more of a selection to pick from.  Sometimes you want to enter the store and look at something in person before you purchase it, you need to compare how it will rest on your shoulder or is that color you saw online, truly what you will get if you purchase the item.  It's not the end of the world though. -  - I purchased a beautiful purse from here and I love it. I couldn't be more proud to walk around with it on my arm.	2014-04-09	0	0	0
iyT2V5I990jxh0EjeS3mwg	j2KCZNlWnu-L4j0yJ3zAHA	5Iv2RHUc9tJfMDUpH6pFGg	2	Its not bad if you aren't expecting much. You will leave with a full belly, but its not the best buffet for the money. The buffet at the Excalibur is much better for the money.	2014-01-14	0	0	0
lMAM8bcJHznjI-StyUTrrg	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	I just can't way enough about the service, food, and general ambience.  Besides being warmly greeted by the owner, we had a perfecf table to show our guests (who used to own their own restaurant) what we've been raving about.  And they are raving as well.  Today we had Rusty, the laid back waiter, who was WONDERFUL!  And the food...all is know is, you have to try the hapu (hawaiian fish) lemongrass encrusted with slaw and rice.  I practically licked the plate.  And guess what I found out...the ice cream shop next door, Twirl, is co-owned by Dana so you can walk over and bring it back to your table.  Thanks again for making this a GREAT evening.	2013-04-18	0	0	0
6Bz000Ic61Dzh-BQgaHPkg	Vh1oWQcztg4by2q8GWrGEg	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	5	I have heard so much about this store, and I was so glad I was able to visit! I didn't buy anything, but I saw lots of cute stuff decorating the tables and racks. I was originally intimidated by the store - but the girl working was really sweet and helpful. She even gave me a card for 20% off an item. I hope to go back before we leave Las Vegas and see if I can snag something pretty to take home. :)	2012-07-19	0	0	0
yJdFX7sqUSkKlQvxXAll0Q	MglY-6zpPbBUhbCZElSwrA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	Sometimes things happen for a reason. I loved my stylist but was secretly coveting the manager of Sincerely Yours expertise.  I watched her in the mirror knowing she was top of the line but I did like my girl.  Well, my girl left.  Viola!  Time for the change.  And oh boy!    I have been going to Sincerely Yours for over 15 years so I always know I'm in good hands.  But on this day, my "new" stylist, Emily, took her time finding out about my likes, dislikes, my husbands likes (on me), sitting with me with her color book, talking about styling, cuts, highlights, my lifestyle.  Between the color, cut, styling AND the MOST AMAZING pedicure, I was there for four hours of bliss.  And it shows.  This is the BEST color job ever, the cutest cut and I do love my toes!  Guess its like they say, you get what you pay for.  So, if you decided you want to give Emily a try, tell her you read my post.  PS:  My kids have been going to her all the time...I'm just a little slow to catch on.	2013-06-07	0	0	0
NfnyYVepxApc9yDpF0o1kg	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	WyFGKCIb5PJteJjFkAMe-A	5	Wonderful food! Ambience and location reminds me of being in San Francisco- eclectic dining with fabulous ingredients = success!	2012-12-09	0	0	0
qfPUfuFQLxIfh292Yn9n2g	4vVDMWGD9pasq-KEHZY7AA	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Could have been quicker, but people were relatable and had an wwesome sense of humor. Office was clean and clientele were sweet elderly ppl. Good environment	2012-01-25	0	0	0
rQ5C5aDw3zXkPlzNOxKvBQ	1Ue0s0Aw2kwVAB9FU4gjzQ	-q-oqfDCV6WiJJrsSXIawg	5	I am a comic nut, and I know numerous store owners in town. In my conversations with these store owners, they have nothing but great things to say about Ralph , the store owner. Many do not know that Ralph is a revered figure in the comic scene. I have seen him donate posters to teachers, I am personally one of those beneficiaries. How many posters did he donate to my class, how about 50? My coworkers have also benefitted from his generosity. I also have seen him go to other comic stores to check and chit chat with them about their well-being.  He is a stand up guy. I used to read strictly superhero comic books and today, I barely read them because I read indie books now because of his influence. I have been going to his store for the last ten years, and I will continue to do so although there are other comic stores that are closer to my house.	2013-09-22	0	0	0
XNzE4Mksjsh6xWdnaFTSzg	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	4	I would simply give them a 5 because they're closer to me now!!  -  - I've upgraded them from a 3 to a 4 because of the parking situation (10x easier) and the fact that the people working there seemed nicer (at least that day). They're always nice, but maybe for the first time, they have room to breathe and not stuck in such a small space.  -  - I still got the white wedding cake.  - And I still got my hubby is cream puff.  - And I added the eclair.  -  - All their other goodies look scrumptious, but I'm pleased with what I got!	2011-04-04	0	0	0
tJjYxmHsppcDZlseRHv-UA	y3NvkzRwdBPafEorivJ2Eg	UzY2tNrpieVzNYbQKB3Qqg	2	5 stars for the atmosphere of the spa  - 0 stars for the customer service  -  - the spa is such a great way to spend the day.  they have a eucalyptus steam room, 3 hot spa pools, one cold pool, a dry sauna, the showers are heavenly! there is a sitting area and coffee, tea, fruit, and water available.  nice towels, bathrobe and shoes.  i had such an amazing time at the spa it was the most perfect disconnect for such a sensory overload that is a weekend in vegas.  -  - what really got me upset was the lack of customer service.  it's $30 a day to use the spa and $40 to have a fitness class and then spa.  When we called we were told that we could have a private yoga class and that no reservation was needed.  When we got there we were told we could *not* have ANY class as we had missed the group yoga, and the woman (i think her name was megan) working was like super condescending. like omg HELLO you work in sales, try to SELL us something.  we were dead set on going to the spa anyway so we paid for admission with out the class - but we were pissed we couldn't do the yoga - we were either told misinformation on the phone OR we had mis information in person - either way our expectations were not met at all.	2013-08-01	0	0	0
2KZ4_shNnpR5dw9t2FvGmg	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	PDIiIXenoV7P2vGBOkd2QA	4	Only reason i gave it 4/5 stars is because the service was about a B. The food on the other hand was the best thing i've eaten all year! Melt in your mouth burger cooked to perfection, along with the oxtail fries with a sunny side egg on top!?! Please and thank you! If the waitress bothered to offer us napkins or utensils for that matter then this place would easily be a 5/5 star joint hands down. Oh plus the host was a douche. Back to the food doe! I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a gourmet burger for not the gourmet price. Come on now, it's been featured on Diner's Drive-in's and Dives for god sake!	2014-01-03	1	1	1
IzOq7DtMT19NUsvLtHwrIQ	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	V3ITtKg7jkHNWOU0aod7eA	3	I have driven through this location many times never realizing this place was there. A co-worker had spoken highly of the Scottsdale location so I decided to try this one in the Downtown Phoenix area as it is just a few miles down the street where I live. -  - I ordered the Toy-Toy which is 1 waffle and 2 chicken wings. I added a side of scrambled eggs. The order took a while to come out. The eggs arrived cold. The waffles and chicken were good.  -  - What I noticed is that when we arrived there were not many people, but just a few minutes after we arrived about 5 new parties arrived. So my assumption for the delay in our order was that they must have delayed frying the chicken for our order to get all the orders in from the other parties, because everyone else's food arrived almost at the same time as ours. So we got to wait. -  - I would definitely go back but solely for chicken and waffles.	2010-07-14	0	0	0
0Gr6BFl326QVzzqgU3PnEQ	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	6TA5zhPc2EfD_O6X1P5Hwg	4	We had to wait for almost an hour to get into this place so by the time we got there, we were absolutely starving. It's our own fault, it was July fourth weekend. But I imagine there is often a line. -  - It was worth the wait. I really liked the different toppings/additions you could add to your burger. I ate a veggie burger, which they clearly make on the premises. No defrosted garden burger here. The veggie burger was gorgeous and hearty, packed with lentils and other goodies. -  - The others got angus burgers with bleu cheese and grilled asparagus. They all relished every bite.  -  - Good beer selections too. The service was a little inconsistent. Everyone was really nice but you'd ask for something and they straight up would forget. They were super slammed though so you be the judge.  -  - I would definitely make it a point to go here if in Vegas.	2008-07-14	0	0	0
EsFxDnp1KfUGDBbqGJkObA	-5RN56jH78MV2oquLV_G8g	N64FvGq6E6spXZTy0OlMVQ	5	My husband took me here for my birthday and what an experience it was! The courses, wine and service was outstanding! He ordered the Wagyu and I had the Lobster. All the courses were plated beautifully! The Wagyu was exceptionally large piece then we have received in other restaurants. Blake, Antonio and I cannot recall the wine guy were very attentive. Such a romantic dinner by the window with a view of the fountains! This was a wonderful and memorable dinner!	2013-08-07	0	0	0
Glsd3A0up1wB7DhQgG9w4g	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	E0Jlu_qEH1Ko-vhOr5KR_Q	1	How this place ever got more than three stars is beyond belief. It honestly makes me question half of the reviews on yelp as this place has the worst service I have EVER had anywhere in my LIFE. At my three day stay at the South Point Hotel (which is actually pretty decent), I unfortunately ate here three times.  -  - During all three times, I boxed  my food at the end of the meal to be eaten later but not once did I ever receive any utensils to use. Do I really need to ask for plastic to-go utensils when eating pasta, rice, or a steak? I think so. -  - Food here is AVERAGE at best but service here is honestly HORRIBLE. On the last night when my friends and I came back from EDC on Sunday at 5 AM, it honestly look the waitress 10 minutes just to get water to our table and then another 10 minutes to get our order. I asked MULTIPLE staff members as well as managers to send our waitress to us and yet we still waited. There were numerous amounts of other members on staff that could have taken my order but they wanted me to wait for this one specific waitress to take our order even though there were a ton of people standing around, LITERALLY doing nothing.  -  - While the steal & eggs deal may sound appealing, the NY steak was honestly a  joke. I couldn't cut it with a chainsaw if I had one. I guess I shouldn't expect much for $5 but c'mon. I basically ate half of the steak and paid for some over-easy eggs with hash browns and toast. This place is a complete joke. My friends agreed that their food was HORRIBLE and that they would never come back.  -  - Thanks for the painful shits, Coronado Cafe.	2011-06-28	0	0	0
efJvcSTdLZ2Xy_NPjZT6zw	zVe1protCqK2TkR8LpJtQA	13XWdeB15eJtOnvCOYKabw	4	I was so glad when they opened a store on my side of town.  TY!!  Finally!!  Love the atmosphere and the employees there.  Always helpful and nice.  Would love to see more accessories though, but I never leave the store empty handed!!  :)	2013-01-23	1	0	1
KWYfH_4el_5aLpg_EXAv5w	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	We came in here after wandering around the Wax Museum and the Venetian for several hours so we ready for dinner and I wasn't in the mood for anything really special.  Luckily there was no wait so we got in right away.  I ordered a sun dried tomato pasta and my friend got the Madeira Chicken .  My pasta was bland and was nothing special at all...but my friend's chicken was really good and luckily it was huge so he shared it with me.   -  - The service was O.K., again nothing special.  It's a nicely designed restaurant and you do get HUGE portions for the price.  I would probably split a meal here next time since taking food to go if you are staying in a hotel is not really option...and who wants to cart around a box of leftovers while gambling?  I liked the one in the Beverly Center more than this one.  I'd be back again if I was looking for some good food at a decent price.	2011-02-02	1	1	1
5oENsxcViCSxMPhg3sWu5g	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	OXWWC30x-1Ee0B6hXLLZfw	4	I know how to work the buffets. Take one thing of each and then go back for what you like. That's the problem. I liked everything. The cheese and spinich ravioli were spicy and very big. The beef tenderloin was out of this world. The shrimp were a little small compaired to the Wynn. But I paid half that and the food was knocking at their door. Very fast clean up. A little slow on refilling the empty trays.	2009-10-13	0	0	0
ODo4uBtlgJ3xrf3O9G1Xsw	DuoUSE3x2ExjjkequBNhrA	M1kAwfcq3XEQzB0L3X_WEg	5	Dr. Goetsch and his staff are wonderful, so committed to their patients. I had a pretty tricky prescription to figure out, and they really went above and beyond to see it through and make sure that I got the right lens for me. You can't ask for me in an optometrist!	2014-02-14	0	0	1
jjWn9VovRBRjAIjuKJj4oA	0eW24T41olc6pqK4r9FKAw	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	5	Dr. Nair Borges ! Omg she is the sweetest and most helpful doctor! everyone was so helpful and i am so happy with the service they gave me :) I spent a little too much over my budget for a pair of prescription glasses but everything was worth it.  -  - i will highly recommend Dr. Nair Borges to everyone i know!  -  - Thank you so much Dr. Nair Borges and Optic Gallery for taking good care of me!	2014-04-18	0	0	0
7d-u5uALZ6fo2Y77bxdFdA	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	gGNJws7j5m9TdwWElPbYnw	2	As an avid fan of Top Chef, I have watched Tom Colicchio on so many occasions shred a chef for failure to season food, especially not to use salt and pepper.  Imagine my surprise to find underseasoned food in every course at Craftsteak.  At $300 for dinner for two with one drink and one glass of wine, no dessert, I do expect better than this.   -  - The starter of lobster salad was very good, just woefully underseasoned, lacking both salt and pepper and not tasting very much of the ginger alleged to be in the dressing.  My very expensive shrimp cocktail had a very faint taste of iodine which really surprised me.  Moving to the salad course, my partner's beet salad featured under-roasted and bland beets with no salt to speak of and a dressing so mild as to be nearly nonexistent.  My salad of persian cucumber was nearly undressed and the vinaigrette tasted barely of lemon juice and olive oil.  There was no savor to the dish at all.  Since everything is a la carte, here, $14 for unseasoned raw veggies is not the way to my heart. -  - I will say the short rib main was delicious.  My bone-in prime NY steak was a flavorsome cut of meat, but the absence of seasoning did not enhance the steak.  While the room was very nice and service good, underseasoned food in every course pretty much ruined the experience for me.  The side dishes were generous portions, but ran the gamut in quality.  Asparagus was bitter and a bit woody.  Grits were very nice if in need of a bit of salt.  The mushroom assortment was undercooked.  The Maui onions were the star side at our table.  Quite good.  Again, for what this place charges, they need better quality control.   -  -  - I could not in good conscience recommend this place to friends, because at this level, the food ought to be well-seasoned and well-prepared, every course, every time.  I know "celebrity" chefs are too busy to actually cook in their eponymous venues, but they could at least hire executive chefs who would occasionally taste the offerings to find out what the line cooks are doing.  The wine list is quite extensive with some very nice offerings, but with such variable quality in the food, it would be frustrating to order a special vintage if the food was as uneven as we experienced.  In short, would not return here since there are too many truly wonderful places in Las Vegas.	2014-03-18	0	0	0
QmMGf1SaxjO0qLa1JvsXQA	jkWXB-nCjNTE0V6UFItMSQ	j1UagK_zBh0O5ITmcQFsvQ	3	This is my nearest Target store, and often it is organized.  That I have found, unless assigned to a specific station, I cannot find employees on the floor willing to help.   -  - This is a well kept target location, their dollar section fare is usually bare,  I guess I need to hurry in to the store sooner.	2013-01-06	0	0	0
95ISd6swSJaq1h64eC6bnw	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Went here to pick up some King's Hawaiian Rolls for my son's preschool class because I was in the neighborhood. Holy Shnikies! Its like the Disneyland of grocery stores. The first thing you see is their HUGE food court with take out, cakes, deli, and the GELATO BAR! Its gorgeous with Dulce De Leche staring me in the face. Luckily I was in a hurry and didn't succumb to the temptation. Everyone was friendly and had a smile on my face. A gentleman (I forgot to get his name because I was busy telling my monkeys "NO" and "Stop that") offered to help me out.  -  - What an awesome store. Unfortunately, it isn't close to me but I will definitely stop again when i'm in that neck of the woods.	2011-03-10	3	0	3
-XyuHFc9iYnihJSS-FNJmg	P6V2IYRTCIXq0j7VkgCSNw	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	5	I had my side ribs done by Willy. He recreated a drawing that i brought in which looks even better.  It was a cover up of a small tat from 10 years ago. My new tat  looks pretty cool as hell. So if you want a bad ass tat with great details and not cartoon looking tat drawn by a five year old,  Swing by here.  Its worth every penny. lol..Thanks again Bad Apple.	2012-09-17	1	1	3
rvmkSAxqOhETlPPX4Zt0bQ	RlrqwlKKAwzyxBAVoFMwBA	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	5	Tired of sight-seeing on the strip? Gambling? Drinking? Eating? Well... GO SHOOTING! My trip here was completely random, but honestly, it was spontaneity at it's finest and worth the experience. I have alwayssss wanted to go to a shooting range just because I love feeling the adrenaline rush of doing something dangerous, new, and exciting, and overall, I enjoy taking risks. After feeling hesitant from hearing the loudddd gun shots and seeing people do it live looking from the outside into the range, I decided to give it a go at shooting a rifle. Why? Cause it's VEGAS!  -  - My boyfriend and I decided to do this together, but were complete noobs. For all you first timers like us, have no fear! If you don't know what you're doing, the people that work here are super helpful and won't just give you guns and bullets to play with, they'll teach you everything you need to know so you don't kill yourself!! Mind you, I am quite the little person standing at a little above 5 feet, my 3 worries were: 1. the shot of the gun being so strong that it'll push me back and up against the wall (you know, just like you see in the movies) 2. accidentally shooting the wall, myself, or someone else (yeah, I'm pretty clumsy.....) & 3. my thumbs & hand getting chopped off from holding the gun wrong. So even after all of this, my turn came up to shoot and let me tell you.....I felt pretty damn bad ass yet scared/excited/nervous/hyped all at the same time. After going twice, it was such a huge stress reliever to shoot a real gun and experience that sense of danger and rush from doing something so out of the ordinary. It's not every day you're gonna go, "hey guys, let's go shoot some guns!!!"  -  - SO, if you need to get your mind off of something, relieve some tension, do something crazyyyyy/different from all your other Vegas trips, and you wanna feel like James Bond for a few minutes, come check this place out. The people are knowledgeable and helpful, it's a short distance from the strip, the prices may have been a little high, but it's just pure FUN and cool. Just don't shoot yourself.	2011-03-28	2	0	4
qYuokzjoiQi-gdf5qzFmvw	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	Ek_bCqgFtyVT9-ozJhwwwg	5	First time and Phoenix and we felt it was important to try a high rated restaurant. The Parlor was on the "Best of" list for pizza, and I believe they are right. The pizza was fresh and savory. The crust was perfect, it was the best part. We ordered 3 pizzas, Margarita, pepperoni and bacon, and Sausage with pineapple. The Margarita was my favorite, fresh tart tomatoes, salty mozzarella, and delicious basil. In my opinion it had to little basil but it was still tasty. The other pizzas came with their house blend of cheeses but it made the pizzas greasy. They are stingy on their toppings, very little bacon and pineapple. The ambiance was soothing, the server was polite. Would go back if I ever get to phoenix again.	2012-09-04	0	0	0
GH33H5LuHr9hxJP50RmUjg	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	3	its AIGHT!!!	2011-01-01	0	0	0
FKy7SnQDTSmOLigxV1L1sw	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	The rare steak soup is the best in town! Add an order of egg rolls and you'll go home happy.	2012-12-26	1	0	0
E5XiOnAKZX7MUC9XYn8wGQ	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	5	i would say...lllllove it ! winner and the best sushi around in vegas!	2010-10-01	0	0	0
G6W3uRsGmGsHrwzmEANxLg	EWMwV5V9BxNs_U6nNVMeqw	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	Another Tini Tuesday at Fez although the price has gone up $1 since last year.  But definitely still worth the price.  Our waiter, Austin, was helpful and fun and his dimples didn't hurt either.  I had their go green pasta and added gyro strips to make it a delicatable greek feast.  I practically licked the bowl. This time Yelpers, we received a free appetizer of lettuce wraps by checking in with my Yelp app.  Loved it.  Don't know why we waited so long to go back...will definitely be back sooner this time.	2013-07-03	0	0	0
v_PLm7lctVKh7xggxDkR9g	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	DbIC4EP7wHaDZUNdsZWBbw	4	Different style than just the typical Buffet very similar to Bacchanal buffet except  Bacchanal has more variety of choices.. But I liked it!	2013-03-10	0	0	0
zbK9rY2NoZiXP9BLS3ysEg	WhBxWYRj6rycigYqdXY9cA	dC3NbB41WTkcqrNQ6pF0Lw	3	The menu has variety for many tastes in your group, and not just bar food (nice). The prices are pretty fair. Just know that if you go on a weekend evening, the wait could be long and the place is quite loud if you want to talk to your friends over a meal vs. shout at them.  -  - Tried the Pepper Beer and was quite surprised by the green pepper flavor that was a little sweet and the lingering spice on the finish. Normally don't like pepper beers too much, but want to because I love hot food so much. I'd buy it again! I ate the turkey burger and was very satisfied with it - good flavor.  -  - This place gets 3 stars overall because of the long wait we had and it was crazy loud. Food and beer would get a 4 star (but that's not an option here on Yelp).	2013-07-31	0	0	1
_LVGuivEQ1Ckyq5a5FO6CA	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	8wKk2sy3iuPci4odwrVG2g	5	the best find Japanese restaurant in the sin city..  their ikayaki was off the chart. can find any better in US.  -  - service, value was great.  -  - So, why settle with buffet..  just three blocks off the strip, take a cab.	2010-01-01	0	0	0
PBz6-h7bvxaWcbq1D0K-Jg	Hdi7jkB7pHiM1nyPHcqSdw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	Since moving to Arizona last year, we have been to this mall a fair number of times and it has been a good experience for all of them.  They have a ton of store offerings and they have all price ranges covered, so you can window shop the high priced locations while still being able to walk out with a less expensive outfit from American Eagle, Express or the like.   -  - The layout is fascinating and a little awkward for the new comer.  There are two floors that run down the main strip and end with the food court going down in to a lower level and creating a third floor area that includes the movie theater. There are also several restaurants to be found near the food court area, so really you can find something for anyone to eat here, even if they are picky. -  - There is an off-shoot hallway that has two floors as well, which includes a fair number of children's shops, the Microsoft store and a fairly huge Crate and Barrel that even has furniture inside (not the typical location offering).   -  - This place covers all the bases and is a great place in the summer to walk around in a clean, well air-conditioned area away from the triple digit heat.	2014-04-01	0	0	3
da7LYTQf2dc79zlolGTG0A	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	c5k3n9fC1qavaqyHMNG19g	4	Yumm...its ok... fun place to hang out though.	2011-03-01	0	0	0
_0Kr2JDGhRyvMzwtPkmJ3w	ZP6qFq7LUh6Tr7WHPoOW6g	-3TxtJo7vjXYM3ROugCO_Q	4	The decor and atmosphere in here reminds me of cool quaint modern restaurants in California specifically Palo Alto University Ave. The outside and surrounding area wasn't so inviting and I was a bit worried about leaving the car. The establishment is really clean and spacious from the dinning area to the restroom and from what  I can see into the kitchen as well. They gave us way too much time to make a selection from a small menu but the food came out pretty quick and piping hot. We spent $30 on huevos (something ) and chilaquiles small orange juice and a coffee. Huevos had scambled eggs black bleans,peas, feta and small pieces of bananas. Side of potatoes and topped with red and green chile sauce. Chilaquiles similar to a nachos but so much more healthier and fresher. Corn tortilla chips around the plate, farm fresh scrambled eggs topped with this sweet sausage, cheddar and jalepeno mango salsa. The food is AMAZING! Quality ingredients, fresh and the flavors balanced perfectly. Nothing was drenched in oil or butter or over spiced. Portions were big also. We found out about this place off of the food network and its well worth checking out, I believe they only serve breakfast and lunch.	2013-09-26	0	0	1
1ylZSuZvttctJ5bm6Y0n1A	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	jd2I4RZqZ3cjBLtkp7LFZg	1	I was craving breakfast at 100pm so we decided to go to Has House A Go Go at the M Resort. We were there last year, and now I remember why we haven't been back since, service was bad! Last time we were there, service was sooo slow, this visit wasn't any different. Mind you, the place was not packed considering it was a Saturday but maybe because of the time. My drink didn't come out right away (I had the tri colored lemonade (watermelon something)) but my husband got his immediately. For the main food, he got the famous Andy's Sage Chicken (as featured on Man vs Food) and I just ordered the Tractor Driver Combo. I asked to have my eggs "over medium" as I hate to have runny whites (that's just me). It took FOREVER for the food to come. The waitress never came back to say what the hold up was. So after what seems like an eternity, the food came. His food is good, but mine, well, I had to ask for new eggs. I told the waitress I wanted it "over medium". She gave me a lecture on how over medium means the yolk is still runny, I said I understand but the white part on my eggs were still runny (I showed it to her on the plate; when I cut the eggs, the white part were still liquid and this was practically over easy). She said she'll get me a new one. The waffle, on the other hand was good, except the little tin cup of syrup was placed on the waffle itself. Not such a good hygienic practice; how do I know where that thing was before they stuck it on my waffle! When we were done paying, the waitress places the black bill container on our table, no thank you's, nothing! At that time, my husband and I just looked at each other and said, this is the reason why we haven't been back! Now, we will NEVER come back, EVER! The food may be ok/good, but the service was horrible!	2013-01-20	0	0	0
zlTVOAHPF2YFh8997ACs_A	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	tIUrVNrr9i00ieCjrnAx0Q	5	Everyone must try this place. -  -  My friends told me about this place, because they couldn't stop talking about how great their burgers and fries and pretty much everything on their menu were. I must admit I am one of the biggest fan. After dining here, I've been telling everyone they must come to this place. -  - From truffles on your fries, Foie Gras, and Delicious mouth-watering Burgers and so forth. I can't say enough. -   - Their quality of food is top notch.!!! I am in love with this place.  -  - this place has also been on the Food Network Channel Dine-Dinners and Dive In with Guy Fieri	2014-05-14	0	0	1
QgFvW5o2QppgXnGRDBqRfg	OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	cAQQH7FIK4xGxosH5JJd_w	5	Soooooo good!!  The service was phenomenal and the food amazing.  Totally recommend it for a special occasion.	2013-08-05	0	0	0
yW3rMmtSXKBLXw0F36fLhQ	RhbOa-Ft3sZB4B_1j5LfyA	xSNFr6SHEMEv_2q2BcZppA	4	Wanted to eat breakfast off of the strip on the way home. The food was awesome! Service a little slow; put cheese on my order the first time but overall great food and restaurant! The staff were all friendly! I would recommend!	2013-12-22	0	0	0
QM3grVA326TCdWX1k0py9A	VXxbj6kbrxAcOFmIf2eVrQ	HSX8YUznjYXOFHTzQ3OE9A	4	I had a great haircut with Tara.  She was really friendly and took her time to get my hair just the way I wanted.  I only really get my hair cut once a year, so I'm not the typical client, and she was really gracious the entire time.  The majority of the staff trickled in while I was getting my hair cut around noon and every one of them smiled or said hello to me when they got there.   It was a trendy hair salon with none of the intimidating hipster attitude. -  - Overall, I got the sense that everyone working there genuinely enjoys their job and has a great time doing it.  I'd recommend Thorps to anyone.  Also, my dramatic change haircut (down my back to over my shoulders) with a wash and style only cost $30!  Definitely worth the price : )	2011-04-27	0	0	0
Xs1jjcAu-kGo99dEfbIW1Q	G69-uLxHs3h6uvrikivpVA	3Ss2aqrSoO7WbxE2GcLlfQ	4	My boyfriend and I often watch the tv show Pawn Stars on the History Channel, so we made Gold & Silver Pawn Shop a must visit while we were in Vegas. We visited the shop on a weekday at around 1 PM. The wait to go inside was relatively short (about 5 minutes), and there were those water mist sprinkler thingies to keep us cool in the Las Vegas sun. The shop itself is smaller than it appears on tv. We walked around for a bit and saw some items that were featured on the show.  The front part of the shop had a lot of jewelry and other small and antique specialty items, such as Super Bowl rings. In the back, there were some other cool stuff including a photo booth to post a picture on Facebook, artwork, and Pawn Stars merchandise and souvenirs. While we didn't get to see Rick, the Old Man, Chumlee, or Corey, we had a good time seeing the pawn shop in person.	2014-06-27	3	1	2
ZX31pj0DgxG1nFS92HxFHA	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	4	While I didn't eat at the restaurant, I did pass by their take out dessert counter to pick up a little something before I crashed in my room after having drinks with some colleagues. I picked up a chocolate creme brulee and man was that thing ultra rich and full of choco-goodness. I actually picked up a brownie too, but after attempting to finish my creme brulee, I wound up only eating half of that (i felt guilty because i made a point of eating healthy during my whole trip....damnit), and saved my brownie (it was nicely wrapped with a ribbon and everything) for my boyfriend when he picked me up at the airport the next morning. he loved it, btw.  -  - i'll have to eat there next time, but probably late at night, since the menu looks so much more appealing after drinking.	2006-11-17	0	0	0
Ft1u2H5cHnGhpjaKIfcVUQ	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	DDad5K6GNA0sXB7N1OB6wg	5	I came here about a month ago, just randomly on a weekend, because we were looking for a decent breakfast/brunch place. Luckily, this place was listed in my bookmarks. The food menu is not huge but it covers the ground in terms of variety. Their beverage list actually seemed longer. -  - Anyways, we ordered the deviled egg dip and chips and Russian roulette for appetizers. The dip was amazing and the mix of peppers in the russian roulette were great. I suggest taking a small bit to test the peppers if you're not sure. For entree, we ordered the Veggie Stack and  Porkwich. Again, another hit and the veggie stack was a pleasant surprised...it was relatively healthy and tasty. We had a few of the sides but the only one I remember is the mac n' cheese. If you come here, GET IT! It is some of the best mac n' cheese I've had in a long time. -  - For dessert, you can just head next door to Churn with is an old school ice-crean and candy shop.   -  - The prices were on the reasonable/slightly expensive side. For the food and service, I will definitely be making a drive back to downtown PHX soon.	2012-01-19	0	0	1
VtVRbH0L6MHkuKXCVLs0NA	_jvevtzOritUu8ihwnToIA	QmhRZslHdBUEoUcCWMKfOw	5	My daughter had an ear ache, I didn't want to wait to schedule an appointment on monday. Luckily I was able to find this place open. The staff here is very friendly and caring.	2013-03-10	0	0	1
Htt9mBkGXZUDbgEDRiVsEw	V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Love the Orange Table -- a true indie business smack in the middle of Scottsdale Mall. Beer tastings, sake tastings, inventive sandwiches and breakfasts.  -  - Sue is an awesome restaurateur who deserves some serious props for maintaing a business with personality and soul.	2008-06-24	4	0	4
RMor9vtQyLLIc-ZU7kTPHA	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	Took my mother, and my daughters to dinner @NMTBrew tonight. -  - Once again had the lovely Nya as our server. -  - Had an order of Lumpia, which my mother, and my daughters enjoyed very much, including the peanut sauce. -  - I ordered the Shepherd's Pie. The mashed potato topping was delicious, and the carrots were perfectly tender. The meat was well seasoned, and very tender, and delicious. The portion size appeared to be on the smallish side, however, once I dug in, it became clear this would be a perfect amount of food. -  - My oldest daughter had the "Poppin' Chicken", chicken tenders, with a lovely light breading. The meat was tender, and not the least bit dry, which is very typical in fried chicken tenders. -  - My younger daughter had the "Cheesy Surprise", a sinfully cheesy macaroni dish. -  - My mother had the Grilled Sausage Platter. She claimed it was delicious, but I was not privileged enough to have sampled. :'( -  - My daughters each received a scoop of ice cream, for having completed the riddles on their menu. (And because they're adorable) -  - The musical talents of LuAnn and friends were a very pleasant addition to the evening, and the weather was gorgeous enough to sit on the patio. (My first patio experience) -  - I will be back, again, and again, and again.... -  - P.S. I also refilled two growlers tonight; one Hoodoo Hefe, which I've not yet tried, and one Kaiserlich Dunkleweiss, which I thoroughly enjoyed the last time.	2013-09-07	0	1	2
v-xAWxCq0m8RLYz54ALJEg	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	4	Agree with everyone on yelp; this is the only buffet you should go to on the strip.  We went for breakfast and ate so much, I made myself sick.  Dang, this ruined me for the next couple of days.   -  - Though we were eating breakfast, they had a stack of short ribs on a grill that I couldn't resist and that was my doom, just couldn't stop.  Though we didn't try everything on the buffet, you can't go wrong here -  - There is one bad thing we will not try again and that's the Bloody Mary and the Mimosa.  No flavor and probably the worst we had in Vegas	2013-02-27	0	0	0
OYvVxzTNE4vBh_UrLrAKRA	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	hrYTy0jHjEV_Ywkuyhn_7g	3	I don't think I'm going crazy. But KoMex was just...ok?! For the longest time this place was THE #1 place to go to on yelp. My gf and I decided to make the trip out there because we have been on a taco bender for weeks. Plus, Korean and Mexican food fusion...I was convinced that I would like this place no matter what. -  - Welp...Although the service was top notch.  The food was very underwhelming. -  - I tried the Steak, chicken and pork komex tacos along with a big heaping plate of kimchi fried rice. -  - Chicken Taco - Lots of meat but I felt like I was only eating texture and sauces. Nothing at all stood out. -  - Steak Taco - I enjoyed eating these but compared to all the other taco shops I've been eating, this is one of the weakest steak tacos I've had during this run. I can't put my finger on it, but something was missing. -  - Pork Taco - Pretty good taco, everything was tasteful and I have no real complaints. Heck, if you stop by, I would definitely get one of these. -  - As for the Kimchi rice - I don't really know...it's a mindfuck to try to figure out why it was  subpar. No matter the amount of spices and sauces I would try to add, nothing brought out any real flavor. -  - I don't know if everyone is suffering from groupthink or if I'm becoming a pseudo-hipsteresque "I go to great places before they were cool even though I never talked about it until after the fact" nerd, but there are many other places better than this.  -  - I don't think I'll go out of my way to try this place again. But I wish I had a $500 shirt for them to spill water so I can yell, "HOW DARE YOU SPILL WATER ON THE ROCK's $500 SHIRT? so everyone can know how hypothetically important I am. -  - #iloweredyourIQby50	2013-07-13	1	1	2
tYhjqOdaRQrUDcRkc2RMmw	5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	3	Our waiter, Rhino, tried very hard tho there was some inconsistency on the arrival of our dishes.  He was very helpful and tried to ease the confusion.  The food was great and you gotta love 1/2 price wine bottle night.	2012-07-03	0	0	1
3SyBaWrcrsZOwFaQXNNRLw	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	A friend and I decided to grab some quick appetizers after work because I was about to eat my shoe. I had heard the lobster bisque was very tasty at LAVO and it just happened to be down the way from me...so off we went.  -  - My friend was super boring and just had a crown and 7...I on the other hand went for broke (yet again) on the calorie meter.I started with one of their signature cocktails called the Lavolini. It was a yummy and somewhat tart mixture of prosecco, St. Germain (so good) and passion fruit puree. Of course I ordered the soup which was bloody fantastic with a sherry mascarpone creme. Very decadent and so yummy. Next course was a Kobe beef carpaccio with an arugula salad, pepper corns, parmesan and black truffle oil (you know I LOVE all things black truffle). It was heaven...so flavorful and again very rich.  -  - Steven, the bartender, was lovely. He brought us out some garlic bread but I could only tackle one piece before I waved the white flag of surrender....BUT just for giggles I wanted to look at the dessert menu...and there I spot it....FRIED OREO ZEPPOLES with a vanilla malt on the side. I dug deep inside myself and made some extra room in my tummy for this dessert gift from God. It was one of the best desserts that I have EVER had. Plus I ordered the Noce dessert cocktail with Nocello, Godiva chocolate liqueur and vanilla vodka. Perfect ending to a wonderful meal. My friend and I couldn't finish the oreos so we shared the wealth with the ladies next to us who were drooling over them. So fun when you meet new people. Thank you LAVO, Steven and Nicole...we will be back soon.	2011-04-02	2	0	4
JfJISRFNeTiRczB0J6xkSg	N50HceZf1595UtU867u4uQ	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	4	Great food, good ambiance (if you get seated in the back) and a reasonable price given the sophistication of the food and the preparation.  -  - The staff can be a bit uppity and the wait staff in particular is hit or miss (like many restaurants) but the food is almost always outstanding.  -  - Everything I've eaten at Fleur was prepared well. A few times the food was not as warm as I'd like but they were busy. Lunch is a particularly good value here.	2013-01-10	0	0	0
VHIU2V2_1one_u-lLCxlSA	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	Try the Watermelon Agua Fresca, vodka and vanilla mint syrup.  What a cool refreshment on a hot phoenix day.  AND its only $5.00.  Our waitress was attentive and helpful.  And the brown bag chicken sandwich was yummy.  Really wanted to try a side of mac n cheese, but opted for the chopped kale salad.  What a nice surprise.  Healthy and tasty.	2012-07-14	0	0	0
dJT_B7UAMSuC4hhkLNEEeQ	8oMeYOC-BrtfvoRto6KBaw	4OcX1LVEXXHuaeDHkeP22g	1	I was given an original wait time of 10-15 mins . My friend gets called first - as I am sitting with my friend she starts her manicure, I assume that I will start shortly after her. To my surprise, a group of two kids and a mom get seated and serviced right away as they roll in 20 mins after i was waiting to get started . Finally 1 hour later  , guy asks if I still wanted nails done. What a joke! Def don't recommend this place if you're looking to enjoy nail time with a friend.	2014-06-24	1	0	0
CsoGpKDBTAjl9KjPpb_UZA	yD1dRYi7USzhYVKiqZ7JVg	vYvIxVpNmx7oUkBVwZALMQ	3	I was told there's an amazing sushi all-you-can-eat restaurant off the strip in Las Vegas and I did my first visit in Feb 2009. That was such an awesome experience. Came in around 12pm and ordered lots of half-order baked rolls and fancy sushi. The raw fish, esp. the yellowtail, was very fresh. The strawberry mochi was also very impressive as a dessert.  - Based on my previous experience, I gave it a second try last week during lunch time. However I found that there must be something different... I can tell the sushi was made differently, although all the chefs were the same. When I pick up the sushi, the rice fell apart easily. I was not sure if it's because the chef did not make the roll correctly, or the rice was not made for sushi at all. But with the price they charge, it is not supposed to happen (especially it's made by Japanese chefs!). The chef lapsed our order several times even when we were sitting at the sushi bar. Even if the raw fish was still fresh, I was feeling so different that I have to gave it only 3-start this time.  - C'mon sushi mon, you fish deserves 5-star, what happened to your sushi rice??	2009-05-18	0	0	0
0rMlXT31qJEzBrltxfDfeQ	qUEUAGqhkZeq7hwf5-yVGA	lCD3wyHthsYFlP52Hll-QA	4	My best friend and I had a fabulous time during our first Red Door Spa experience. Having the Spa at the Wigwam Resort we were staying at made it extra special. In fact, it was right behind our little building.  -  - We were greeted by a friendly staff who were able to accommodate our request for an earlier appointment. We got a tour of the facilities, the lap pool, locker rooms, the relaxation room, sauna, steam room, the ladies-only courtyard with a hot tub.  -  - Having booked the Aqua Duo Relaxation combo, we each started our treatments in our own rooms with big, jet tubs next to a fireplace. There were lemon & cucumber waters, teas and candied walnuts waiting for us. It was an relaxing milk-bath and I enjoyed every minute!  -  - Next was the Signature Red Door Spa Massage. It was fantastic and my masseuse was very professional and tailored the massage to my specification. -  - The steam room was at the pefect temperature and I enjoyed using the wooden spoon to pour water over the rocks in the sauna.   We relaxed in the outdoor courtyard before returning to the locker rooms. -  - Overall the facility was beautiful, relaxing and exactly what we expected.  We definitely enjoyed our time here and look forward to our next visit!	2008-11-24	1	0	4
3uegFxt_qKm9G1mAz2Ev4g	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	r7V9Nhes-Eg-lH0cqfpFFw	4	This is going to have to be one of those "break it down" reviews.  Here we go... -  - Wine List : 5 stars, awesome awesome awesome list guys.  06 Justin Isosceles was the pick of the night.  Waiter brought it out, decanted it for us and poured us a glass each after it had some time to breathe. -  - Appetizers and bread : 5 stars, the pretzel bread was amazing and we had a shrimp cocktail that was great. -  - Steak & Sides : 4 stars.   I had the 12oz bone in filet and it was very good.  Not knock my socks off great, but a decent cut of meat cooked to my liking and with a good taste.   The mac and cheese was phenomenal, great recipe! -  - Ambiance : 2 stars.  It felt like a Chevy's with white tablecloths.   Not my scene, at all.   The music was really, really bad.  As Aaron V. mentioned, this place is 100% out of the question for intimate date nights, don't even think about bringing a chick here that you are trying to be close to. -  - I really want to give it a 3 star rating, but the meal and wine was so good overall that ill be nice.	2010-01-17	2	1	2
ey-Twu5lHwSSmkIQ5-x7_Q	AcBXW-uhOftCVHxX8qng8g	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	4	I am reviewing the nail services only here. Purchased a groupon for spa mani/pedi, amazing deal!!! I called right away and was able to get an appointment very easily. Becky is amazing. She was nice to chat with and my nails look phenomenal! I highly recommend Becky! I had to take it down to 4 instead if 5 only because of the space. It felt a bit cramped and I felt bad that the nail techs did not have more space to themselves. I look forward to seeing it when they move yhe	2013-09-05	0	0	1
mR4JfZ_klNqzLa5OhhcCbw	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	E679YrWlyTpvkOBDhAssIg	4	Yummy. Good for lunch for the downtown crowd. It's nice to have something that's not in the business district.	2014-01-20	0	0	0
yLt9M8eJjUxZyrqn3Ls4SA	l2lpBXx8jKl87J2szyJRuQ	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	Fashion Show Mall is your typical upscale mall that you would find in your own hometown. Unfortunately for this mall, there is tons of shopping malls in Vegas. Each hotel has their own shopping center, so unfortunately this mall gets downgraded because of that. Why do they call it Fashion Show Mall? I was lucky enough to just be waiting towards the center of the mall. All of a sudden a runway and stage started to just rise out of the floor! Lights came down and everything! Before I knew it there was the stage showcasing some new cars. It was pretty cool. Everything just came up out of the ground. Yeah, never saw that before at your hometown mall. Anyway, it's a good place to go to get value for you money instead of dropping it off and leaving empty handed at the casinos.	2009-12-08	0	0	1
mAdtRSKSWhR8BxA5U4Ob9g	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	vLtUlhN0sFbVI-0_E9M0JA	1	I decided to get out of my normal routine of going to Pho Saigon 8 and decided to try a new place. Boy, was I PISSED! At first, i saw that it was packed with Asians (good sign, right?). Whatever they were eating must not have been pho, because the broth sucked. It was this cloudy brown water with very little meat. I felt like I was being ripped off. I actually left angry because I could have gone to Saigon 8 like I originally wanted to.	2009-07-03	0	0	1
OQ6vWqBrBAcislb0kHdBzg	aRkYtXfmEKYG-eTDf_qUsw	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Definitely  -- great tunes and a nice place to relax. The coffee has gotten even better since the beginning of the year. Play hooky, buy an americano, and grab a sandwich from Pane Bianco!	2006-01-11	1	1	3
MD4WyNGyQ_u72bPc8SLYvQ	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	3	My husband and I ate here for both breakfast and lunch during our recent stay. Both meals were good, but we preferred lunch over breakfast. The lunch menu just seemed to have a bigger selection and offered desserts during that time as well. All the usual buffet food choices were available for both meals, but nothing really "wowed" me. I guess I was expecting that wow factor coming from one of the most prestigious properties on the strip, but I've honestly had better buffets at a few other properties nearby. The food was fresh, good but not great, and I left satisfied. I guess that makes it A-OK?	2014-07-01	2	0	2
W5oYhVeIsKiIUi19n12IOw	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	PY4J4h-A3uIajO37BO_P7Q	5	I know a thing or two about a good BBQ being from the midwest.  Let me tell you that Bobby Q's is a good good day.  -  - The doughnuts at the end are wonderful.  -  - I recommend hittin' this place up on a Sunday when you can get the family chicken/ribs/pork/brisket with 2 sides combo.   -  - If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll be over at Bobby Q's.	2009-05-25	1	1	1
54O7ZGHLYWDNvmUhpOL1Wg	cnvdbnfyINH40fprm9izqA	oGrBhuLCk90LtS4bgG5LFQ	4	I'm not a frequent shopper here but when I do stop by the store is always clean, the bakery smells yummy and their fried chicken dinner and caesar chicken salad is to die for!	2013-10-10	0	0	0
NMKmctXT_3wSEQsyTqd8vw	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	zmPzZYdZqP9MUfzhn8QTfw	4	This was one of our last meals on our Vegas trip and we definitely enjoyed it. It was conveniently located in the Aria hotel where we were staying so we decided to give it a try since we love Thai food. The place inside is ultra sheek and modern with a contemporary flare. It's very nicely decorated with nice tables and furnishings all around. This place was delicious overall, we ordered the veggie egg rolls which were very fresh and the chicken pad thai. It's on the pricey side at $18 but you get what you pay for, the quality of the ingredients was superb, everything tasted super fresh. The only thing I didn't love is that our server asked us how spicy we want it on a scale of 1-10 but I didn't think pad thai came spicy at all? We figured we'd give it a kick and told him 5, but we really should have said 2 because our lips were on fire, but in a good way, so I can't truly complain. Next time I would just get it on the mild side. Our friends had the pho and a thai curry dish which they seemed to really enjoy.  -  - Another plus is how fast the food came out which was perfect since we had to catch a cab to the airport and we were in and out within 45 minutes and we took our time eating. However, the place was pretty empty around 2pm on a Monday afternoon so no reservations are needed. If I stay at the Aria again, I will definitely come back. Plus, I read that the executive chef is from Bangkok which shows you that the food will be good and it was.	2012-11-13	0	0	0
Snbn4OvRaf9AF9eOT63Tlg	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	gkCVBbwEgnNfpCgUQMrj6A	5	I completely adore this store. I have been going here almost since the week it opened. Not much I have seen you can complain about even if you want to complain. You walk and someone always says hi, every section has someone in it for help. It seems everyone who works here knows the entire store. You could not ask for a friendlier staff. -  - They have a little of everything. The produce is as good as you would get at a fresh farmers market only cheaper. I get almost all my produce there. I love the fact that some of the fresh fruit tells you where it was from. Thier watermelon and some of thier apples this week come from a farm in sandy valley with the farmers name on it. -  - They have a real butcher!  One night I was in shopping and they were out of the steaks they had on sale and the butcher said oh wait let me cut you some before I leave and asked how thick I wanted them.Hamburger and chicken is almost always on sale. Normally 80% lean for under two dollars. Seafood section if great as well. Only complaint I would have is they don't always know how to cook some of the fish but I have only had that happen once. Never trying to cook flounder again. I haven't tried thier deli meat yet.  -  - Premade salads are very yummy as well. My favorite is the macaroni. Made fresh daily I think. You can try any of thier salads if you ask . I always attempt to try a new one when ever I go in. Only one i havent liked and gotten yet is the pesto salad. I am not a big pesto person but for pesto it wasn't bad. The olive bar and fresh salad bar are out standing. I get the salad or pizza for lunch all the time. If you like the pizza crispy they will throw it in the oven for a minute and crisp it up.For the most part thier prices are great. Some things are a bit much but over all  I have to say this is the best grocery store I have been to. Also thier baby food procedes and pet procedes go back to the comnuity to support rescues and shelters. I love the support of our local comminuty.  -  - Yes I know this is a bit long but if you shop here at all you could probably go on for ever about it. Oh one of thier best buys is the doughnut special after 7 pm. If they have any left its buy a dozen get on free.	2010-09-25	2	0	1
om4iu4IHtrq0imbNFfnBWA	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	5	I saw this place on man vs food and so I had to try it and I did! ... and I LOVE the food here!! It is soooo yummy!! The sizes are also HUGE!! I had the same dish that Adam Richman ate on Man vs food. The fried chicken was cooked well, crispy and juicy. The potatoes were good and everything just blended together so well. I was only able to eat half the plate!! The prices are also very reasonable and with the plates being so big, you can always split it too. I also ordered the smores coffee and even that was in a giant cup! The melted marshmallows on top were a bit sweet, but when you mix it with the coffee, it's good. The guy even made it extra strong for me as I requested. The servers were nice and the lines do get long. However, if there are open seats at the bar and you have a smaller party, the bar area works with minimal wait. I can't wait to eat here again!	2012-09-18	0	0	1
H0UXzkDl_P0t_FyCLf-W2A	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	jnXfNpfivKqFI82I_bTCpQ	5	Got a mojito pitcher with my girls for happy hour and had a great time! -  - From what I can remember everything was so tasty and the waiters were hilarious. Don't know if it was the drunkeness or if everything was really that great! I vaguely remember something made with bacon and dates that was amazing. I don't even like bacon like that. -  - I think this has to be my most useless review ever but this place definitely gets 5 stars. :) food, drinks, service, ambiance, all were great. Next time I'm in Vegas I need to take better notes when I'm here. -  - I wish there was one of these in LA. I'd be there everyday with a mojito pitcher . Lol alcoholic...	2013-04-16	0	0	1
Fy1UIQjo_guCOiVl81UL_g	HbUQ_3dlm3uCacmhTEMnuA	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	3	So we just completed our week at Vegas and tried 3 different restaurants with the Ribeye, so the rating is a comparison of the three. -  - We we walked right in at 6:30 and immediately greeted not by one waiter, but two.  We were explained the wine list and specials and began to pick our food.  A third waitress continued to fill our waters regularly.  It was not too busy at 6:30, but by 7:30, the place was full and service slowed down a little, but still top notch. -  - For soup, we went with the Lobster Bisque and the salad was the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella Salad.  Both very delicious appetizers and would recommend a must have.  The main entrees were the Ribeye with Risotto and the Filet Mignon with Asparagus. -  - Now don't get me wrong, the expectation is high at this price point and they did not disappoint on flavor.  The reason for three stars was the amount of gristle that the Ribeye had.  I would say about half of the slab was very difficult to get through and some pieces just had to go down the throat without breaking it up into pieces with my teeth.  The Risotto was also just OK, it needed more flavor.  It also comes in a big bowl, way too much for two people.  We only got through 25% of it. -  - To compare, we went to Mon Ami Gabi and Gordan Ramsey Steakhouse.  You'll have to search those for my reviews. -  - On a side note, when does business casual actually get enforced?  Two of the three resturaunts at this level we attended, both had people in t-shirts and Tom's had a guy with shorts and a t-shirt.  IMO, It kinda brings down the atmosphere for those of us who understand rules.	2013-02-27	0	1	0
hD-w3tcH4Z1d4sxYBUIQZw	puMcI6XOgAq7QOy0vGcv6A	43dfCOlnfBnPsXGLbNd3Xg	5	I had less than a month to rid myself of 35 years of accumulated possessions and was in quite a tizzy. Thank goodness I found Norbert! He was my life saver. He told me not to worry, he would take care of everything and he did. Once he stepped in my life became much less stressful and I was able to concentrate on my cross country move.	2013-02-26	0	0	2
-pOKCAQbmxe2_XiAU5I2Fw	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	Q46ztmdo2OAVhM6fOnc3VA	4	Do not let the strip mall, small location deter you from visiting this sushi place.  We just went with a huge assortment of sashimi with a sprinkling of grilled mackerel and edamame.  For being in the Scottsdale area right of the 101, the sashimi was very fresh and we got the insider hookup for wasabi.  This place is a keeper.	2013-03-23	0	0	0
OaCr8ZdcIU9iud9aS8j3Vg	RRWRvdziNs9S5zl4G39Fyw	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	Groovy place for vintage glass, ceramics, clothing, and furniture. Beth and Josie both have a great eye. R.R. is smack in the middle of the 7th Ave. mini-boom. Check it out!	2006-11-02	0	0	0
7I0IfxMCD8zIR_m7_sxVeA	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	Q37v48zuF-cXEDToFuy4Rg	5	A buffet is really about the quality of the food, so even though the decor, service, etc. Was all great, the food was the standout. Everything my husband and I ate we mmmed and our eyes rolled back in our heads ! - Gourmet cooking from the unique salads-Korean beef, miso shrimp, roasted asparagus,etc.the juicy, tasty meats, the individual serving size pots and pans that served up red wine burgundy stew, Mac and cheese, chicken asparagus risotto,pastas,etc.  The thin crust pizza,garlic bread,etc, light and moist. tastiest kalbi ribs I've eatenthisnside of Hawaii, - The pad Thai and dim sum pretty good .the desserts are the only thing that's not as good as the Bellagios, but the gelato bar and cookies make up for it and though the miniature gelatinous desserts were beautiful, there was no defined flavor, just sweet.This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas now and it's Kessler expensive to boot!	2011-03-03	1	1	1
0-SEWZM4L8ll_zt41TpK6g	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	bX7qswW9gNSMaTxdsRXAbw	4	This buffet has to be the best buffet I've been to here in Las Vegas. Came to check it out because I didn't feel like cooking and my boyfriend plays poker at the M everyday, so my mother and I went to go meet up with him for dinner. Went through the VIP line, but the buffet is pretty small compared to all the others, so it took a while to get seated. They have a really good selection and variety. Some out of the norm range like Hawaiian & Greek. To be honest, I do think it is over priced though. Only reason why we came was because the boyfriend gets like 15% off or something for us and my mother gets free buffet comps all the time for here, but hey, if you have money to spend then go for it. I'm currently pregnant, so I didn't get to try the unl. beer & wine bar, but if your coming to get your drink on, then i guess you can say it's decently priced. Lol. The desert bar was amazing! My favorite was the crepes w/ ice cream. They also have a barista so you can enjoy a cup of joe with your desert.	2011-12-23	0	0	0
zUEWU-zjtAfXMrnHkliqGg	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	I found this place to be a gem for a Casual Drinker such as myself. I Love The #1! Calmer on a Wednesday after work. And a Joy on Sunday FunDay with the boys.  -  - Brought My Partner's Parents here for a little southern delight and they enjoyed the POTATOES! WooHoo -  - I totally forgot the CrabCake Sandwich had a kick to it... It was a little too much of a kick for "Moms In Law"... But the wonderful staff was quick to correct with a light sampler of the other items on the menu for her to feel comfortable with. It was a Wonderful Night! Thank You Windsor Staff! -  - Only one thing I would recommend. More samples of the SWEETS from Churn... Haha the BANANA ice cream was oh so good. The late night run over to just have a scoop are so fun.	2012-03-23	2	1	2
cBCRyLdi_peoUR0T7OhclA	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	DDad5K6GNA0sXB7N1OB6wg	4	So we've been looking for gastropubs in the area and the first to pop up on yelp is this place. We decided to drop by the place after a not so wonderful experience at a concert and this place really made me feel a lot better. The food and ambiance are great! We got here pretty late so I was surprised they were willing to seat us.  -   - We had the 'Tender Belly' Pork Belly Pastrami, 'Kilt Lifter' fondue, and we were intrigued by the "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding so we ordered that as well. The prices are a bit high (every thing we ordered averaged $10), but everything tasted great so no complaints about the price from me. The service is a bit hit or miss hence the minus 1 star but I will definitely be coming here again.	2011-08-16	0	0	0
q56zAjSMrx9u-71JXTWJ_w	OyJ_CGX0-bh-7VicqfBXGw	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	We've visit this location pretty frequently since we are at this plaza frequently as well. They have a great selection of books, magazines, and of course a Starbucks cafe if you are interested in a drink while you browse / read.   -  - The staff here is always friendly and helpful. They regularly check to see if you need anything if you pass by them or look a little lost. We love to spend time here since it is quiet and it's nice to be surrounded by actual books! -  - Overall: A - No complaints!	2013-11-11	1	1	2
VtRHaD4gSw73ve_Ha04nzw	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	GQ8qDvEJxWRw7-zGhtgHbA	3	Definitely not the worst Vegas buffet I've been to, but nowhere close to the best. I did, however, spend 3 hours there spanning the end of lunch and the beginning of dinner, so I definitely got my $24 worth (weekday lunch). -  - I was pretty disappointed by what they had to offer at lunch. There were 3 fish dishes that were all super overcooked and bland. Their tomato bisque was disgustingly sweet. The only real good thing was the short rib. Everything else was pretty standard at a buffet. - Once dinner rolled around, it made the lunch price worth it, but I don't think I'd pay $30 for the dinner they had. They had shrimp, mussels, crab legs (though they weren't super fresh). - The ONE great dish they had was the sea bass, which was fucking delicious. I'd definitely go back for more of that haha. -  - I thought the dessert selection was alright. This is the only buffet I've seen that offers crepes made on the spot, and also gelato/ice cream served to you. Everything else was pretty typical...BUT NO FRUIT TARTS! I'm much more a fan of fruit stuff than cake stuff. The desserts at the Bellagio were a bit better IMO. -  - But seriously, I can't really complain. I couldn't walk straight for about 2 hours after I'd left the buffet, so it was totally worth my money ^_^. Just make sure to pay the lunch price and stay for dinner.	2010-03-26	0	0	0
dyi8FllfTjbxzyh8Pu0-TQ	NK-8zniVfA21IQoQCynrDg	D3hUdL4X_yClz_LhVpMTfQ	2	Low quality ingredients. Basic concept dishes. Nothing exciting but works in a pinch late at night.	2013-11-29	0	0	0
xPrKTs_9kAHWV35p1cJVhw	lPh02W25cOrAz57UbTpbFQ	SglpxCh3Kt_Vo4tm58oY6w	2	I'm sorry but it bothers me that this restaurant is highly reviewed. Everyone has different idea about sushi but this place disappointed me, who is not so picky about sushi.  -  - Wish I had the picture of the sushi that I ordered but it's been a while and unfotunately it's hard to find from thousands of pictuers I have.  -  - This restaurant is great for people who loves "rolls". I enjoy rolls too but I enjoy regular nigiri sushi, which, I think, is the best way to enjoy the quality of fish. When I order Tuna nigiri, the sushi came out WET & SOGGY like the fish was just microwaved and defrosted. I do not know what caused it to be wet & soggy but I've never seen such thing in my life. Sea Urchin is not edible if they are not decent quality and this restaurant's sea urchin was not good at all. -  - Again, rolls are enjoyable but I don't know if  I can call this restaurant a "good sushi restaurant".	2012-07-25	1	0	1
BPImrW0pCLiBSmt0YdrtPw	FoTtH1Uo9n05akS4dkxNkg	QDYycbzKLF0Sd6jgf0wDRQ	1	This was the worst pedicure I have EVERhad!!  I will say that I went in at a semi-busy time of day without an appointment. Needless to say, this was the quickest pedicure I have ever had.  When I looked at my nails to check if they were dry I noticed two of the nails had bubbles and the paint extended beyond my nail bed.  The lady who had done the pedi had already started on another customer, and had to leave them to come back and fix my nails.  My friend was also having a pedi done and said that there were still rough spots on her heels.  I will never go back to this place again.	2011-03-13	1	0	2
64iT430JetgrBdMBuD5hmw	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	2JAdkLe0GG8WxfrGwSDXaw	4	Pomegranate Margarita with sea salt foam.  To go, pleez.	2011-06-18	0	0	0
8QaPRCgaYVot8J5hXVX6gg	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	3	So no Vegas trip is complete without a trip to a Buffet!  We came here on Friday morning as were leaving for home.  There was no line to get in which was surprising.  We paid at a self service kiosk but if you didn't want to do that you could pay a cashier. -  - We got a nice seat by the window and were promptly brought out our coffee and orange juice.  The breakfast selection was O.K.  They could have had some more egg options and potato and/or hashbrown options as well. -  - We hit up the omelette station and they guy manning the station did such an incredible job we gave him a tip.  I also found a nice salad bar too and made a nice salad and the fruit selection was really good too. -  - Overall, it's just your standard buffet with some good choices...nothing too special but I would go back again.  It was a fair price at $14.99 per person.	2010-11-01	1	1	1
kQEt8F34FpHTSikCBPqKFQ	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	Yes I know this place is expensive I read the reviews prior to eating here. It cost around $56.00 for two classic hamburgers, two orders of fries and two specialty shakes.  But what the hell...it's Vegas! -  - The shakes were AMAZING.  We got the Lunch Box and the Twinkie Boy!  The twinkie one was actually much better but both were good.  The hamburger was great...we also added avocado and cheese.  The waffle fries were great and the sweet potato fries were good...not the best I've had but decent.   -  - The service was good and the restaurant itself was really cute.  I would come here again if not for anything else but the shakes!!!	2011-01-28	2	1	2
zvHac5GP9B1ZcyuPSmaU4Q	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	HYKJm1hV-IKke-AskhuYNw	1	NOTE: This review is purely just for the frozen hot chocolate. And please! people...SAVE YOUR MONEY! After hearing all of the rave reviews of the frozen hot chocolate I couldn't wait to try it. It was a hot summer night and instead of waiting in line my friend and I went to the to-go counter on the side (which was convenient, I'll give it that). The drink...is literally some half and half, ice, and cocoa powder blended...or at least that's what it tasted like. Total cost to make it yourself: $.50? Cost at Serendipity: $9! I was pretty flabbergasted that no one else seems to be confused/bothered by this fact.  -  - If someone else has had a better experience with this drink, please message me! I really don't mind waiting until my next trip to NY if someone tells me that it's amazing there.	2010-09-22	0	0	0
mDO1nqbWt3TblCS5k4kRPA	Chr3qQFRdMJoeBpjvrA-Bw	RXkUQe5kkaW-aXnCjyOErw	5	I hate working out in a traditional gym with a bunch of meatheads and machines. Having been an athlete all my life, my idea of a work out is simple playing a sport and using my body to work itself out. I also enjoy the support system of getting fit with a team.  -  - This is my first week at kosama and I have to say it reminds me very much of the practice workouts I would do with my rugby, soccer, and tennis teams back in high school and college.  -  - The coach is nice and supportive. He knows when to push and when to tell you to slow down or take it easy.  -  - The class sizes aren't too big and everyone was really friendly from day 1. They congratulated me on a job well done after my first workout a d told me they would see the next day. I've already made friends and I look forward to seeing them each time I go in.  -  - One thing I also really like us the music is loud and fun and at times feels like you are working out at a dance studio!  -  - It's always nice to see a range of ages in there as well. It's not just a bunch of young guys and girls who are super fit, but you have elderly, middles aged and college aged people all doing the same workout and everyone is drenched. I can't wait to be old and look like some of the older folks to workout at kosama! Haha.  -  - Lastly, no mirrors. I love that. It makes me focus more on what I'm doing in the moment instead of stare at myself or others in the mirror. They have TVs up on the wall that you can use to track your heart rate and calories burn of you chose to use the MyZone heart rate monitor.  -  - Overall, this place is what I've been looking for! I plan to go for a long time.	2013-08-10	2	0	2
1fORQC4j7nFTDP9h-1Ekww	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	MR0N19L6C1MbUNuuJkxZeQ	5	The food was delicious!  There was a long wait to get a table on a Saturday night but I ordered one of the cocktails and didn't mind the wait because it was the best drink I've ever had!  I hope I can recreate it at home.  The atmosphere was very cool.  I'm looking forward to going Gallo Blanco again.	2012-07-05	0	0	1
9eqTig9TidRPUg9E-kvOuA	FTV78oT5bgaH1lYSEZVEzA	DxbN2BD5ULWa-LC5IMOPZQ	5	I love Hobby Lobby !  Whatever it is I'm looking for in the crafts, home and more, department, it's always here.  Great prices, helpful staff, all the good stuff !	2014-01-22	0	0	1
13h8wL1FWFeMfWM5OX33KQ	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	eQSj2Pg6zlybas4UfipmrQ	5	As far as buffets goes, this is the best I have ever experienced. I am someone who cannot stand buffets because of the germs that often comes with the name. However, Bacchanal Buffet is the exception. The restaurant was extremely clean as they staff constantly wiping down counters and tables as well as changing out old pans including serving utensils.  -  - I dined here back in March of 2014 when I was in Vegas for vacation. Because my boyfriend is a platinum member on some Vegas deal he has, we were able to skip the long line ( GREAT bonus) and be seated right away. We had a server who came and took drink orders and we were on our way to feast on great food! -  - The buffet is gigantic. It's almost overwhelmingly large to where you don't know where to start. They have different "stations" offering a variety of food from salad bars, to BBQ, Italian, American, Asian, seafood, and so on. Because the buffet is so large, there were stations I missed completely because I never got around to visiting every station -  -  The best buffet to me was the dessert bar. Wow! Every dessert your heart desires they just about had.  -  - They are expensive $50. However, the meal ended up being free for us because my boyfriend had over $400 worth of pts to use at restaurants so the cost didn't "hurt" us. But even if we did had to pay out of pocket, it would have been worth every dollar. The food, the service, the atmosphere all were considered when dining here. -  - I cannot wait to get back to Vegas so I can go back. You will not find a better buffet than Bacchanal Buffet.	2014-05-17	1	0	1
2A9Nfp4Pvwdxg1qXnzG10w	tqu42L0qXzkvYKSruOz0IA	PjajA-8mGJTdpvG-hkwbDA	4	Good food I had the Shrimp Scampi and it wasn't bad at all. Our waitress was very funny and the food came fast. The prices were very reasonable. The only bad thing was that the bread was terrible it was extremely hard.	2010-12-21	0	0	1
7bu4LHvAKeemBwnaVXg2tA	5IWu0xhlZEopvIz3w7o_3w	SypZOB5lpw_pGMZd4XIlOg	5	This Palms has a great Bone-In Rib-eye. We sat out in the lanai. Great for people watching.  -  - The service is excellent and the timing of food between appetizers and main course is done right.	2014-06-28	0	0	0
diQGx3m2tz5os4U77esy2w	fe5POlOi11-vckcK_C7kHQ	vGP0Sl_wwiKOcX3Yf7SKpA	4	I had an appt on the 26th for a make up application. I was getting a batman inspired application done for a halloween party that night. I showed the picture I found to Michelle and we got started. Michelle did a GREAT job!! She made it look just like the photo but also customizing it to fit my eye shape. She was super nice and kept it fun :) -  - Thank you Dolce again for always having great service and service providers!	2013-11-04	0	0	0
kGNnKSTzXRCC6o7_9PT5Uw	6w-hwYu8Km3tKp0RFTp0bQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We really enjoy this location since it's a large store that blends Home Goods and Marshalls together. Home Goods has a ton of great finds for decent prices. We found a great collage frame that was ideal for a birthday gift for a friend. This location was an excellent spot for our wedding as well. We purchased a couple of porcelain cupcake stands from here, as well as, a few frames for our cupcake table and guest book table signage. -  - The staff is helpful and friendly here as well. They always have a decent number of cashiers, and putting everyone into one line, so that there is a consistent moving line, is a great idea and works well.   -  - Of course, this location can be found in the Desert Ridge plaza, so there are plenty of places around it to shop at as well, making it worth while to head out here if you are looking for other options for shopping / dining.  -  - Overall: A - Great variety, good pricing, helpful staff.	2014-06-23	1	1	1
KTDyR0LZupz5M7wCH-xpPA	H_xynKoLMvqtudM90rKrCQ	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	5	Very very very helpful and amazing staff. This guy named Andrew helped me out and he is amazing! he actually got exactly what i wanted and i am very very please with his service. -  - Please! if you guys need anything from this store particular store inside crystals just  look for Andrew and i'm sure he will help you out :)  -  - (702)262-1636 -   Balenciaga - Andrew Magana	2014-05-20	0	0	0
jdXgvRYn6_KQEqwRezay-Q	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	m5M-7ZueTQ5mAlLhDfay_A	5	Wow! My mouth was partying it up this weekend at Mesa Grill, holy eff. -  - So my girls and I decided to just buy a bunch of appetizers and split them all. Portions are a bit small, but I expected that out of an establishment like this.  - ________________________________________ - Gala Apple Salad - literally little chunks of apples -  - Smoked Chicken & Bean Quesadilla - yum! -  - Yucatan Chicken Tacos - the chicken was smoked & flavorful. plus it's paired with a peanut smoked bbq sauce which is out of this world!  -  - Rough-Cut Tuna Nachos - think of tuna tartar, its a platter of tuna and then a little bowl of chips. Honestly though the tuna is amazing by itself, and it a has a spicy kick to it. (I highly suggest ordering this one!) -  - Chorizo Meatballs - honestly, anything with chorizo is amazing -  - Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla - fontina, ricotta cheese, salsa verde and too top it off... a fried egg! (I highly suggest ordering this too, beyond flavorful, juicy & makes your tastebuds go crazzzzY) - _________________________________________ - Our server Michael rocked! Apparently he has been there since the opening of the Vegas establishment, so he is VERY informative of items on the menu, drinks and what not. He will even give you a mini story of Bobby Flay and answer any questions you may have. All the employees were so kind and helpful with all our needs & requests. I will be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas for some more appetizers, it's just enough to get your night started! -  - Side note: They only hold reservations for 15 mins & your entire party must be there to be seated.	2012-04-23	1	1	1
L3NIGr3u5aR5-yJCxIXVQg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	TREwiJ1xaUPpklahXjsYMQ	4	Always wanted to try the Thomas Keller experience. Here's is what we tried: - 1. Foie gras - it's nice to have it here because we are out of California. Not the best I've had but it's good with their truffle fries. The order also comes with two plates of toasted baguette which you can spread the foie gras on. Yum! -  - 2. Escargot - too salty, but very unique having a puff pastry on top. The flavor would have been very good if it wasn't too salty.  -  - 3. Oysters - LOVE them. There were different kinds and all of them were so good.  -  - 4. Mixed greens - love the taste of their red wine vinaigrette.  -  - 5. Bouchon steak - again, too salty. I always think it's not the best idea to order steak at a French restaurant, but we just wanted some meat... -  - 6. Sturgeon confit - good flavors! Seafood here is worth a try.	2012-12-31	0	0	0
x26XBk3yoc_83wxpo5mH0A	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	6wLZTaa7ZQzxPRllzuzLJw	3	A French inspired "steakhouse" right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. We celebrated a birthday meal here looking for something a little different than your typical Vegas restaurant/buffet. It was an enjoyable meal, although not all that memorable. -  - We sat down after a long day of traveling and adjusting to the desert heat of Vegas in August and were all pretty famished. Only problem is, after sitting and staring at the menu for probably a good half hour, nobody could decide what sounded good. We couldn't even figure out what we wanted to drink! It's not that the menu didn't have enough variety or options to meet our needs, it was just sort of...uninspiring. -  - After finally placing our order, I ended up with a bowl of the French Onion Soup and the special of the day, braised short ribs served over mashed potatoes with a spicy sauce. The soup was pretty good, served the traditional way in a crock with baguette slices and an overdose of delicious cheese. It was a little sweet for my taste and serve sort of lukewarm (which I think may have been intentional since it was 115 degrees outside...but I still think I would have preferred it hot). The short ribs were good, very tender and the portion size was just right. I could have used some more spice in the dish, although I realize spice to the level that I like spice isn't all that common in French cooking. -  - All in all this is a pretty good choice if you're looking for dinner around the Paris hotel. The atmosphere is pleasant (especially if you can get one of the patio tables with a view of the Bellagio fountains) and the food is pretty good and relatively reasonable for its type and location.	2012-08-20	0	0	0
ao_8HubYM09-3r7gCKeIWg	N50HceZf1595UtU867u4uQ	PpTVxjqOiEMCIwfyrUpikg	2	4.5 stars overall? I have to wonder if I was at the same establishment. My experience was a 2-3 star experience MAX. Food was just not up to par for me. We ordered: -  - Oysters - I didn't have any, but the table thought they were good overall.  - Tuna tacos - nothing spectacular. Tasted like something any sushi joint would have, except the sushi joint would probably taste better. - Wings - Go for these if you like soy sauce chicken. Nasty. - Cod fritters - Didn't taste the fish at all. Looked like crab, but just tasted like fried dough - Pork Ribs - TASTELESS although very tender - Mac and Cheese - INEDIBLE. Worst mac and cheese I've ever had in my life. I thought it was inedible. Maybe these were not my style, but I don't like my mac swimming in cheese soup. Not cheesy. - Prawns - Fruit was good, but nothing you can't get from a regular vietnamese restaurant for a fraction of the cost. $17 for two shrimp - rip! These were shrimp, not prawns. - Hummus and baba ganoush - most uninspired dish of the night, yet it was the best dish of the night. - Mushrooms - extremely salty! Paired well with the tasteless ribs. - Sliders - Good, but I've had better.  -  - The food was so blah that we skipped dessert. Left very disappointed.	2011-01-23	0	0	0
tPXKlt0Bctj79P7aqKNheA	AaTQEcN3Tt9tspQoPDVpMg	WSzrcRcJklp1w9usxEtOhw	5	I was there on Jan 23, 2014 and I don't want to ever go any where else.   The entire facility was so clean and so comfortable.  I took pictures of the art work hanging in the room because I liked it so much.   Everyone was totally nice. Wait time was minimum and they were very accommodating.  Evelyn was awesome and so sweet and helpful.  The doctor was hot but wearing a wedding ring.    I would definitely go back  - fyi: dr name on my rx bottle says Ralph Carullo -  - Also, there was coffee set up and chocolate kisses as you exited back into the waiting room	2014-01-30	1	1	1
BD7gd9foBic5NGa6BwA4xQ	NsnZ5GhagXBKrCOelxVQxw	PlELOILbiz_Gy8MAEVKjIQ	4	We came in for a bachelorette dinner and we were a group of 15. Our server, Max, was fantastic!  He got a feel for what we liked and suggested we do a "prix fixe" style dinner. Great idea! For $50 a person, we got some of everything. EVERYTHING was good.  I was so full, I couldn't even have any of the food that came toward the end.  The manager even gave us a "tree" of drinks on the house to help us celebrate! Definitely taking my husband here next! -  - UPDATE 7/10/12 -  - This experience was a little lack luster compared to my first.  I did end up taking my husband here as previously mentioned.  I entrusted our menu choices to our server.  Not as impressed. Maybe I just didn't care for her choices as much as I did the first time with Max.  She ordered us these grilled chilies with lime, and they were just okay for me.  Little disappointed though, as I mentioned to her how much I liked the black truffle green beans and didn't get any.  I did tell her I didn't mind raw things, but I should've stopped right there because thats pretty much all we got after that.  The best things were the pot stickers with pumpkin puree and a couple of the sushi rolls.  Also, Peruvian corn was delicious! Next time, I'm gonna order myself so I know I'll like everything.	2011-04-19	0	0	0
7d8rMGLFMaKLT6GDwRsKPg	qdDLtRi-OiZZKKSxyz_fzQ	Y8WujtKJiMiBmL6P37bTWw	5	Danielle is FABOLOUS! Very warm and inviting but most of all she takes the time to get to know you and YOUR hair. She is not a cookie-cutter stylist...she knows what she's doing.	2011-04-16	0	0	0
h-YAsgAKzxK-OTjoTZeplQ	KcSJUq1kwO8awZRMS6Q49g	I1ywRg53510eANGBQ0U9VA	4	I have tried this place twice now and I think it is great. The dogs are giant and the toppings are plentiful. The first trip me and my boyfriend ordered chili cheese fries which were huge, we both got plain hot dogs and topped them with the chili and cheese from the fries, there was more than enough! The place was only open a couple weeks and had a special where you could get a hot dog and beer for like $8 I think. The second trip they didn't have the hot dog and beer special so we were kind of disappointed. I would give them 5 stars if they brought back the hot dog/beer combo. Overall, great tasting dogs!	2010-06-08	0	0	0
zYiq9Eqfyh4hXweMZZOaIQ	z67yrh03lRSANrpPsRcTfw	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	4	This place ROCKED! I had the huge "personal" calzone for lunch. It was the best I have ever had. The ricotta cheese was perfect, nice and soft, as was the dough. I loved the thick-cut pepperoni and the red sauce was incredible.  -  - You lose a star because you serve PEPSI! Why is Las Vegas such a Pepsi town? Pepsi is crap!!!	2010-01-12	0	2	0
faKi7Q1uW0pcjKkZFtH_Ww	jOuERtVf7QePnK9ZcdH5XA	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	5	I love the Grand Lux at the Venetian. I've been coming here for years when I visit Vegas and the restaurant has remained consistent. Great food that's creative and you can enjoy that meal in a very impressively styled dining room. It can tend to be loud at peak times, but it isn't enough of a con for me to even consider knocking a star off. The menu is massive and can make it difficult to make a decision. Their shrimp scampi is my Dad's favorite meal of all time. I enjoy their pizzas, and the grand lux burger melt is hard to beat.	2009-12-07	0	0	0
qhVRcK2gSYf_gkEve8XjsA	yZ6t7vkPPNzBj-EPKMqaqA	rTAevZ8Fl45rERFDuisKww	5	I've been to see Jenny McClain for two amazing, professional, and beautiful ombr color and cuts.  I tried this salon based on the yelp reviews, and I was not let down!  Nicole, the salon manager is fantastic!  The salon is nice, the stylists super cool (especially Jenny, but I'm completely biased)!  The owner of the salon is friendly, knowledgeable, and is always checking out the service being provided to the clients.  Top notch product and styling recommendations, too.	2012-06-01	0	0	1
La-FKZFfKDLKtQds_6RHkw	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	DDad5K6GNA0sXB7N1OB6wg	3	So, we decided to come here because of the reviews and well, I wasn't very impressed, especially after such a long drive.  -  - I was content with the sashimi and happy that they didn't charge extra when they served extra hamachi, but was a little irritated with the rolls. The cucumber rolls were dry, and the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail rolls were mediocre at best. Overall, the quality of their sashimi was good, but you'll have to pay for it.  -  - A little to over priced for what we ordered. Probably won't be making a second trip here unless we are in the area.	2011-10-10	2	1	2
i-BcCkh0y2FcppzZD04u7w	cnvdbnfyINH40fprm9izqA	_IjKfYOYG9CSiPY9UbudcA	4	I shop here all the time for all my grocery needs, they always have fresh meats and produce unlike some of the competitors in the neighborhood. I often visit these others stores just to make sure I'm getting awesome deals, and trust me going to Albertsons you are.. I bought some steaks at a store just down the street who IS a major competitor and boy was I in for a world or hurt, the quality of the meat way something out of a elementary lunch line, just horrible. -  - They usually have great deals here on meats and seafood not to mention some of the cheapest alcohol in town, at varying times of course. I will continue to shop here just for that reason alone. 4/5 stars cause sometimes the customer service can be a bit sluggish and not knowledgeable.  -  - Cheers and happy shopping!	2013-12-22	0	0	2
c_hrtauToH_6B-ExkBgRbg	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	eeB3QY-2GFjFzbbGO61fqQ	3	I was going to give this 4 stars because Aria comped it, but instead I give it 3, which is how I would have felt if I had paid. The buffet at Aria is a solid buffet option and should be checked out if you're staying at the hotel.  -  - My girlfriend, parents and I checked out this buffet for the Sunday champagne brunch. The food is good, the service we had wasn't so good, though. Our waiter enjoyed talking to my flight attendant mother about the recent Steven Slater incident but he didn't see much of a need to refill our drinks. It came to a point where I gave my Dad the cup of coffee he gave me that I didn't order so my Dad could have a second cup. We're happy to socialize and discuss the issues of the day with the staff, part of the fun of Vegas is interacting with anyone and everyone around, but you still have a job to do.  -  - Things I enjoyed: breakfast burritos, ice cream, biscuits, cheese blintzes, Grand Marnier Creme Puff dessert, all very yummy. I thought it was very cool how the desserts were so artfully presented. And to the other people who couldn't find the crab legs? How couldn't you? There were stacks and stacks of them around. The champagne was decent, too.  -  - The atmosphere of the place is not unlike the buffet at the Mirage (my personal favorite). It has bright colors and an open design. The walls did feel somewhat sparse, but I thought the color scheme was well done. A buffet should have refreshing colors in the decor to help get your mind off of the overstuffed feeling when leaving. -  - Check it out if you're heading to Aria!	2010-08-24	0	0	1
Ah9gYTRYJfhaMqPN3YX53Q	zNzJkzZxPTeTbRIRfeU9_Q	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	5	Again this will be short and sweet. I love coming here because my monkeys and I feel like family. I brought a fellow yelper (YAY Mackalicious!) to see what I was bragging about and he felt the exact same way. We love you Steve and crew. Will be back soon for more breakfast goodness.	2011-06-18	1	0	0
pfBZmAsTNttymA-KqWgCew	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Stopped by this place over this past weekend for lunch. Parking is not ideal - you will pretty much have to valet park to eat here, which we don't love being forced to do.  The place itself is a good size on the inside and has a back patio that seems to be a big hit with the locals.  We had just visited an outdoor Oktoberfest event and decided to enjoy the A/C instead. -  - The bike theme of the decor can be seen throughout the restaurant and it's a fun and whimsical idea incorporating a close by bike trail.  The menu has a variety of options from flatbreads to burgers.  I had the BBQ bacon burger and he had the pulled pork sandwich.  Both were prepared well and tasted good!  Our friend had one of the flatbread (I don't remember the exact one - my apologies) but I remember he said it was very good. -  - Our server was extremely friendly and helpful throughout the meal and had a great sense of humor.   -  - Overall: A - We will be back to enjoy that patio!	2013-10-08	1	0	1
aPcGW5keDC97rBJUNcGyEw	rBPQuQgTcMtUq5-RYhY2uQ	Zhj50L9iJ1YthhH9SNDlqw	4	I don't really get the low ratings at all... we were absolutely in love with this place! -  - We did the 24-hour buffet of buffets and we liked the food here so much we came here for lunch AND brunch. -  - I don't understand people's complaints about lack of selection... how much food do you need?!? They had pretty much every kind of protein (fish, beef, pork, shellfish) and several different types of starches and vegetables.  Personally, I loved the Brussels sprouts. -  - My favorite - by FAR - was the omelette station.  Yummy!! The crepe station was pretty great, too.  My husband loved the crab legs.  The unlimited mimosas for brunch was a nice added bonus. -  - All the food was really flavorful...none of that bland other crap we had at some other buffets.  While a little corny and "Disney-ish", I actually really enjoyed sitting in the little village that they created inside Paris.  It was cute. -  - There was a line for the buffet, but not as long as at some of the other buffets we saw (like Caesar's) and it moved fairly well.  I think we stood in line for 20 minutes, which for a Saturday at 10:00am really wasn't bad.  There was no line at all when we came for lunch on Friday. -  - I would highly recommend this buffet!!	2013-09-13	1	1	1
Chm2Dv3XyHWODkkPzKRSzg	SLyacGZuMUKqrQJEooSkjw	iRyLGXOUWCB3mUIw-be86g	3	this buffet has really good mediterranean food!  and the soups are delicious.  however, everything else is sub-par.  so, if you like mediterranean food, this buffet's for you!  but if you don't or want a variety of good food, i'd go somewhere else.	2008-11-18	0	0	0
cHn4RZ5LNqDuLT5fM-87Lw	QbmcCE_cLq4WO8ZMKImaLw	EVoRHbVjBj6jyQS0wbHxTA	3	Shared the sage chicken and waffles with a friend. It was just ok I guess. Our waiter gave me a side of gravy so I can dip my chicken in it. That was a plus.	2012-06-21	0	0	0
9uL4SBafHkiGIrzRZug6VQ	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	USow8ZJ456AunsuhN_8wjw	5	this is the place where i want to eat if i only have less than 24 hours to live. - almost everything you take is just delicious, especially the king crab leg. -  - unfortunately, their sushi sucks. literally taken from supermarket's deli sushi. -  - until today, i have no idea how much does it cost to eat here, because the price tag said $37 but afair, i paid around 50 dollars per person before tip to eat here. it's still worth it though	2009-12-30	1	1	1
vEGB11fy63OlbCfMkuX93A	gGeVLZ9j_wAYKbaqgnKSJA	T9qMLtHbbBXDjOCGiRPJ5g	3	I've been planning my birthday for the past 2 months and Tao restaurant was my destination.  Reservations were for Friday night 8:45pm. Note: Your required to confirm the day of the reservation before Noon.  Checked in with the matre' D was pleased to be escorted directly to our table.  It was already crowded with people at the lounge having drink while waiting for their own table?? There was 3 of us for dinner-2 guys and myself.  We were lead toward the back and seated at a table close to the sushi bar. Before you read any further this review is truly dedicated the service and to our waiter vs. the food.  In celebration of my birthday we ordered a bottle of the yellow label and Voss Sparkling water. After reviewing the menu, I asked the waiter what recommendations he had, and even though we ended up not getting anything that was mentioned, I thought it was great that he had extensive knowledge about the food.  We ordered:  Satay of chilean sea Bass with grilled asparas, Wasabe crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings, Duck friend rice,Noodles and Short-ribs.  The food honestly was mediocre for the price that you are paying.  There are so much more comparable quality food here in SF  that don't cost and arm and a leg.  Needless to say I wasn't too disappointed as my expectations weren't that high, and I was paying to be part of the scene.  Now Kudos for the service, the waiter was extremely courteous, came at the right times to offer service,and always made sure that glasses were always filled.  I'm a lightweight and only drank a glass of champagne, I thought it was wonderful  that he was so observant and only filled up my companions glasses and only towards the end of dinner did he offer me more.  and lastly because there was a male to female Ratio at the clubs, even with a $300 dollar dinner I still wouldn't have been able to get in, he worked the magic and got all 3 of us line passes for the club because it was my birthday.  Above and Beyond.   - In summary: Tao Restaurant is a place to see and be seen, just don't have too hight expectations about the food.  Especially for those of you who live here in SF.	2007-08-21	0	0	0
VBKBoFacjkn5qrhlycjoeQ	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	BMO1gWhuqtkkmH_X1sNxpg	2	A very disappointing experience. We walked in to find no hostess or wait staff in sight. After walking around and finding no hostess station, we eventually sat ourselves at the only open (dirty) table. -  - A waiter told us we shouldn't have sat down and might have to move, but then later allowed us to remain there. I then ordered a Michelada and he "corrected" my pronunciation (naturally, he was pronouncing it incorrectly). The drink was great though. -  - Ordering dinner, I asked for the chilaquiles and he said, "what?" When I pointed to it on the menu, he again wrongly "corrected" my pronounciation, adding, "nice try though." Again, he gave a strange gringo pronunciation that doesn't exist in Spanish and walked off.  -  - We got guacamole, assorted tacos, cheely-keelies (as he called them), all of which were good, but not great. Drinks weren't re-filled and another server tried to clear my place while my plate was still half-full. We were thinking about ordering dessert when our waiter dropped off the check. Since they were in such a hurry to turn tables, I obliged them. -  - Whew. Gotta do better than that Gallo Blanco.	2010-08-07	1	1	1
-x8FWaByyQEkC9oHC8vwZQ	XAWDT6cv5aADi-TG2rKyFw	l0dST7wki3yOpzBf739o-g	4	I finally found a nail salon that offers professional and courteous service.  I was a walk-in and was greeted right away, I signed in and was escorted to AMY.  At first I wasn't sure about it but it turned out great!  Amy did my nails exactly how I like them.  The salon is very pretty, clean, modern and relaxing.  The only reason I gave it four stars is because it's a bit more expensive than other salon's in town.  Amy was fast and thorough.  When I checked out at the front desk my info was already in their system and I booked my next appt.  The nail salon I had been going to (Polished) was no longer doing the good job and offering the good service they used to.  I had a great experience at Professor Nail and Spa.  I loved it!!!	2013-08-03	0	1	0
jiMLHnpwsM23pce1pWYbcA	Yi3XJM01p6hvXH3mLZfSIg	fB23WZYdsMmMqRYpx8n6wQ	5	Prenatal Peek is awesome! We went last Saturday and the baby had his hand over his face the whole session so they rescheduled us for later in the week at no additional charge. Great customer service!	2014-05-25	0	0	0
J6F2yKAE_45HdcHfAIQQ1Q	UIhFRsZoPTWY38njcKKWiw	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Great customer service, over the top entertainment and options galor! There presentation is clean and functiinal with  bit of vegas flare. They price match online too!	2012-01-30	0	0	0
7Yr2GyQ2DTWvnc_l2S__yA	vtWYMSCfLzoq96VKo0Cv0Q	VkOth1_f_BJAW3ucW8agbw	4	Coming from LA where barber shops plentiful and skilled barbers are common... I was shocked to find that in Las Vegas... finding a half-decent barber is a freaking MISSION. Based on my past few experiences of trying different LV barbers...I notice that most barbers in Las Vegas lack real skills and have major arrogant attitudes. -  - So when I came accross Gerardo's Barber shop... you can imagine how ecstatic I was to find a barbershop that knew how to give a good bald fade and a clean line up. Whenever I'm in Vegas and in need of a cut... I usually hit up Hugo at Gerardo's... he's the man to go if you need a clean fresh cut.  -  - $13 + an appropriate tip... not bad at all.	2012-01-19	0	0	0
p9s5Pmnr3gegeXdfDZNVBA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	E679YrWlyTpvkOBDhAssIg	1	I like Gallo Blanco. Their drinks are good and so it their food. But today, I had a horrid experience that will keep me from coming back. My friend ordered a salad and bit into glass. A lot of glass. Not a trifling amount of glass.  I'd say a few pieces the size of peas. The staff took care of it, and comped our meal. But, I won't go back. While our server was great today, they haven't been fantastic on other times. Glass and so so serve will keep me from going again.	2012-05-10	0	0	1
aXiwdJ5gaL13bEMJLSuP3g	DpYmAEx1phLM1m4MUUjddA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	I do like this location for SMA because I have had better luck getting seen the same day when booking an appointment.   Finding parking is so much easier.  Wait time not too long.  Even when my dr. was behind 25 minutes I still was seen within an hour. -  - Downside, its a smaller facility, hours are limited and providers here are transient. The last doc I saw said she was only here temporarily. It caused a delay in getting my prescription refilled since she was no longer there to approve it.   -  - I  just happened to be in the Lake Mead shopping center and decided to drop in and see if they could speed up the process.  Sure enough the receptionist that greeted me was able to have another doctor approve it right then and there and rX was sent to my pharmacy.  Didn't need any appointment, didn't have to call and deal with voice mail jail.  Got the email from my pharmacy to pickup within that hour.  So Im satisfied with the service provided here so far.	2013-11-25	0	0	1
jus8qh7wB8xjFDs98_wZ1w	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	dC5iPaE1EPIQ1-TC_Qwjuw	2	I had high hopes for this place... Unfortunately the only thing that wowed me was the butter ! First off was our waiter, aka Steve Martin look a like wierd humor and didn't really fly with the ambience at all.. And what kind of classy restaurants don't offer a bread plate?.. The staff had keep coming over to scrape the bread crumbs up and I'm sure some of the crumbs ended up on my bag since I had it hanging on the side.  I'll start with the drinks, can we say rip off? for a 14$ cocktail I expected a little larger martini glass and the beer should have been in a larger cup !! Not that it tasted bad though portions much too small.  I'll move onto entrees.  My "special" was the fish  ...for $45 I would have expected some more side dishes or something !... The fish was chewy and dry rrellu needed more sauce, piece was small only a few pieces of veggieson side.. I was still hungry after that.  My husband ordered the lamb.. It only came with 5 thinly sliced pieces! Taste was only so so. Most ordered the steak, I don't think they had any complaints about those ... But again for $45 you could get a filet versus skirt steak ? Overall we went home with a $125 bill for two and unimpressed with the overrated food.  Plan to fill up on bread unless you're ordering steak.	2011-05-16	0	0	0
_vZ13_aAF0QKV4NBCE0aJQ	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	4	Woo Hoo! I'm a fan of this place! What a great place to go if you want some good food and especially if you plan on clubbing at Tao after!! For a high end restaurant, portions are pretty big and the prices not so much. Most dishes run in the 20's but there are some that are about 40. We had 6 people in our dinner party can came here to celebrate my friends divorce. We came at 8 pm, our reservation was for 8:15 pm and we were immediately seated! Our bills was was about 260 or so and after tip it was about 315. We ordered 3 appetizers, 4 entrees, a pizza and each of us had a drink. It was an average of about 50 each person and we were stuffed! Among the appetizers, we got the mushrooms, truffle fries and their famous meatball. For the entrees, we got fish (I forgot which one), carbonara, the kobe spaghetti, and a pizza. To me everything tasted good. I thoroughly enjoyed my carbonara... very rich, tasty, and total comfort food. The kobe meatball was tasty and melted in your mouth! I didn't try the pizza because my friend was lactose and got a pizza without the cheese... she said it wasn't too bad, not the worst but she wasn't wowed by it.  -  - I stayed at The Venetian, so I was able to charge the meal to my room and earn points. In my room, there was also a card for a free cocktail with entree. All of us girls had the pomegranate lemonade drink. The alcohol taste wasn't strong and it was pretty good. We all finished it. I don't remember our waiters name, but he was cute and gave us excellent service, everyone was really nice and efficient. The workers here work quick and hard! They carry stuff like it's nothing! We all couldn't believe it... by 9 pm, we had all our food AND had finished eating! Now that's fast! Sometimes at restaurants, it takes like 30 minutes for food to come out! And no, we were not eating fast either, no one even checked the time till we left! I like the decor. It's very dark inside though, with water elements all around.  -  - Upstairs, LAVO is no longer a nightclub. It is now an ultralounge. After you eat, go upstairs and check out the lounge. It's got a romantic dark vibe to it and very laid back since it's now a lounge (they still have the Saturday brunches which I believe is more club-vibe). Get your receipt from your meal and show it to the cocktail waitress upstairs in the lounge. Everyone in your party will get a FREE drink! We were able to get cocktails! So each of us got another cocktail at $14 each! That is a great deal!! So we each got to enjoy appetizers, entrees, and 2 cocktails for about $50 a person! ... but wait, the night isn't over yet! -  - Before leaving LAVO, get your stamp from the door people for entry into Tao. We took our time walking to Tao as I think it was barely 11 pm after hanging out in the lounge for a bit and doing some gambling. A line was already in place for Tao going to the door... my friends kinda freaked about the line and I said not to worry because I'm a pro and practically live in Vegas! LOL. We walked right up to the bouncers, showed our stamp and walked right in!! NO line... and NO paying!! We grabbed more drinks at Tao and I showed them around the club. It was still pretty early for clubbing so the place wasn't packed. I was kind of bummed the roof was closed... -  - For about $50, we got lots of food, drinks, and clubbing! Sounds like a cheap night out!! -  - Both LAVO and Tao offer table packages too. Which, originally we were going to book, but the only dinner time for LAVO was 1030 pm and I told my friend I can't fill up on drinks and down tons of liquor that soon after because I will get sick. Anyways, the packages start at $82/person... for our group of 6 it would have been about $120 each person. This includes a 3 course meal at either LAVO or Tao AND a table with bottle service at Tao. I had called and asked for more information because I was going to seriously book this package and the alcohol included is top liquor alcohol... which included Gray Goose!! I did the math and if you get the most expensive item on each of the courses for LAVO, it's already $70! If you go this route, then you will have a table and sitting room... plus your own table bodyguard at the club. That what I want to do next time and feel like I'm a baller VIP! LOL. Dinner at Tao for this package however starts at 530 pm for Fri, Sat, Sun. Dinner at LAVO for this package starts at 530 pm on Fri and Sun, Sat starts at 1030 pm. I would choose to eat at LAVO because the food there is more pricey for the same package price and plus I'm Asian, so I don't like the high end Asian eateries because the best ones are the hole in the wall places.  -  - I will definitely be back here again, especially if I am planning on clubbing at Tao!	2014-01-26	0	0	1
thVvmrrAjqjf7Avi433gAg	8Pzdk19tA2bKlKDSgwWqoQ	KKUcZs6YSXR3-E0RBFjpcQ	4	Very modern and chic italian restaurant. Nice ambiance, good lighting and fabulous view overlooking the Bellagio fountains so be sure to request a window seat! Food is delicious and fresh!	2013-01-17	0	0	0
btgkDjnIxWwBY8axyrB4Cw	ryvMJK6AlbU35HKrlFT61w	H_HKA7s3PpL2b33sYeO7uA	3	If you plan to eat here 1) come hungry 2) drink lots of water --which you can't avoid because of all the salt and 3) make sure you have the sangria!  If you like to eat a lot, and you like salty meat, then you'll love this place.  I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses now and this one was my least favorite, though it wasn't bad.  What makes it not great is that all the meat is way too salty (and I have a pretty high tolerance!).  We even asked for low-salt versions, and those were still on the salty side.  My friends who live in Vegas have said the same about it when they went at other times.  That said, it's a gorgeous restaurant and the rest of the buffet items were good.  The best thing there is their sangria--I highly recommend it!	2010-05-27	0	0	1
rvA2qo4CWEsw6FI7hx3yKQ	NQZKp0H6u2qHLOiz1990jw	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	I am one of those patients that had the biggest fear and anxiety of sitting in that dental chair.  I dread and  drag myself to appointments.  Not so much anymore.  Dr. Song is awesome!   He and his assistants are absolutely great at calming me down. He's in tune with his patients, works pretty quickly, and knows how to put you at ease.  Front desk receptionists are friendly and professional as well. He has had pretty much the same staff since Ive been going there. I needed major dental work and was able to follow through it.  So kudos to Dr. Song and his staff, for improving my smile.	2012-09-12	1	0	3
7gIlLmqXL6ZI6UvD91EeKg	gKh7V9YKQruApSvaWUnSRw	19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w	4	My kids have been seeing Dr. Cohen for almost a year now.  They are both less than 6 years old.  They've had routine cleanings as well as fillings done by Dr. Cohen.   His office staff are all great, the office is efficiently run and cleanly maintained.  The thing that I like the most about Dr. Cohen is that he is very conservative with the use of sedative medications for kids.  He uses only nitrous oxide (laughing gas) plus local anesthetics (shots) in the office; anything else requiring heavier sedation he takes to Phoenix Children's Hospital.  The only downside to that is that he doesn't have office hours on Friday since that is his hospital day.  The current location is brand new.  There are TVs in the ceiling with kid's movies playing the whole time and my kids love going to see him.	2011-02-17	0	0	1
A9pVqOIYn2bNRHywZdtgzQ	50nln4YPr0QDo_v1uBmHfg	dC5iPaE1EPIQ1-TC_Qwjuw	4	I'll agree with everyone that the macaroons are excellent! I tried the coffee and pistachio flavors and both were tasty ! Goes really good with a bitter cup of Jo ... That's all I tried so can't comment on anything else but everything looked good !:)	2011-05-16	0	0	0
1XXH4EkB2msJkJ0xVw5fRw	mzlfFGQGysd5iMaGbbxgpw	RyzN2svTnlOGFcsj-z3ZUg	1	I came in here with my girlfriend to get her nails redone by the owner who did them a few days ago. He yelled at her and said he would not redo the nails or give a refund. He also said he saw her review on Yelp and called her a "cheap girl." His products and services are cheap and the nail polish on the nails shown are not the same color that will show up on your nails. Evan is a terrible business owner who shows no respect for his customers and is not willing to right his wrongs.	2014-06-29	0	0	0
7ura1_i1ytse2gd5wkd23w	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	2	The only reason we came here that night was because the line for XS was insane and cover went up to $150 for guys. -  - Since we were staying at the Palazzo, we had free passes to Lavo.  Man, it definitely wasn't even worth the (albeit short) time in line.  It was packed inside -- like sardines!  And geezus, whoever was "DJ'ing"...Pandora could have done a better job.  Yea, that's right!  I really expected better DJ'ing over Memorial Day weekend....but it was stop and go, stop and go...horrible.  But if you really like choppy/bad transitions between some classic 80s rock tunes, this is your place. -  - Lavo's dance floor was TINY and the ceiling was really low, so this place overheated fast.  They don't offer tap water at the bar either...only Voss bottled water for $6 (think 8 oz)...RIDICULOUS.   -  - I have no idea how this could possibly be advertised to be on par with Tao.  The crowd had a very high male ratio as well (gee I wonder why).  Definitely will not be coming back for sure.	2009-06-09	1	1	1
bUlZ5c2GjkDl_tHpVo2PpA	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	I felt like I was on a treasure hunt getting to this restaurant. If only I can be the aZn kid, Data from the Goonies then it would be awesome. Don't mistaken this spot for the Bouchon Bakery located on the casino floor, that's just the decoy. You must first start off in the lobby where you follow the signs near the check in/out counter. Find the elevator that takes you to a secret Da Vinci floor. Bank a left out of the elevators and continue through the Michelangelo (inspired ceiling) hallways until you hit the spot on your right hand side.  -  - We arrived here around 1030ish am for brunch on a Saturday. The wait was about 20 minutes. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations. The restaurant was crowded and the tables are right next to each other so don't expect much privacy from your neighbors. I do recall the dude next to us throwing a fit about something. -  - Let's talk about their table bread. They just throw that bad boy on your table without a basket or a serving plate. Interesting concept but don't worry germaphobes, they use wax tissue paper to handle the bread. The butter and jam is what makes this a winner. First, I believe they're both made freshly. Second, the bread+butter+jam equals a scrumptious treat. Heed my warning: if you're on a carb diet, it's probably not a good idea to try it because you won't want to put it down. The flavor of the day was blackberry I believe. Sooooo bombskiz. -  - In honor of Le Roscoe Pierre Chicken & Waffles that I do love to eat in LA, I ordered the: the brunch chicken and waffles. From looking at the price ($25), you'd think they were giving you duck confit and waffles. Although it's a little pricey, I have no buyer's remorse. Honestly, I'm craving it as I type this now. The bacon and chive waffle leaves a distinct taste in your mouth. Normally, you're only use to the taste of butter and syrup. Not these waffles. You get a hint of the saltiness and some other unique flavors with every bite. You even actually feel the crunch of the bacon bits in the waffles itself. -  - The chicken is served in 2 pieces. Looks will deceive you here, the portion of the chicken may seem petite but when you actually rip the flesh off the bones like a carnivore that you are, you'll realize that there's plenty of meat to work with. Although the chicken was slightly salty, it was still very tender and juicy. It's accompanied by a mushroom type chauffer gravy sauce. -  - Service was great and the atmosphere is loud & vibrant. I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu and to eat some more bread with homemade jam! It's definitely not a cheap meal but how often are you in Vegas anyways? Also, try their desserts or the bakery items if you have room for it.	2010-03-16	2	0	3
F1BGc_39Iarei0snfQc-_A	kKcniirsMqUd_x0pZEGcWA	4k82R95fUmWgv_7Q-yj6Lg	4	Surprisingly good Mexican food.  I thought it was going to be total white-washed Mexican, but it turned out to be more authentic than expected (not real authentic, though). - I've since been here a few times.  Everything I've tried has been very good. - I'd say the tacos are bit on the small side (not enough to fill me up), but the burrito size is good. - The atmosphere is pretty cool. - They have a travelling 3 piece band that walks around the restaurant and takes requests...everything from Spanish songs to Lady Gaga. -  - The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I think it's a bit pricey.  It's not going to break your bank, but it could be a little bit cheaper. - Make sure to get the restaurant.com gift certificate to save a few bucks.	2011-06-20	0	0	0
WTLz_nWH1kUBVn-dWOtvbg	nXQEWHCNlOt4Z6XH98dwpg	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	A really well done Pottery Barn and has more than enough space to showcase all the options this chain has to offer.  I adore their seasonal items - especially when it comes to Fall / Winter holidays.   -  - The sales staff was friendly and greeted us the minute we entered the store and ensured we were finding what we needed.  They weren't overly pushy and allowed us time to walk around and look at items throughout the store.   -  - Overall: A - Larger than the typical Pottery Barn (there is an upstairs showroom!) and staff is friendly.  Be ready to spend longer in this location then you may have initially planned to.	2013-10-07	1	1	1
oC8aPqkP9tLgQhV9zJFUUQ	C6QXPtims5nbDj1uhoVkeQ	mF4WLIpMIs01XVriRxy0mQ	4	Great selection, clean, and good prices.  Nice jewelry selection too.	2014-03-24	0	0	0
ns33ORnESiNAERwpDwJb-Q	pPfQ73--Y_h5Or0aqDgEGA	-3TxtJo7vjXYM3ROugCO_Q	5	Fancy pancakes for cheap. Had the banana cream pie pancakes really good not as sweet as it sounds. $6.00 for the short stack. Tried the carrot cake pancake and the adobo friend rice omelet all good. It's busy and cramped.	2013-03-01	0	0	0
5FHHjjhOTeZ4rMjeHcDR7g	BMnG5WBW1UyyjrzTYbF0Tw	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	2	Came in to get a new stereo for my car, only to be told I can't make an appointment because the "audio guy" left at 6:00. So your saying I can't set up an appointment to get the stereo installed because the guy has gone home??? Nobody else can do it??? No one???	2014-05-30	0	1	0
f-Wv0m8fUGbSsT8zajna-g	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	CUUpi7gtqx1zojEGJ6Z5ew	5	Always a great experience.  This trip we just had drinks, but everytime I have been here previously I have enjoyed the food and service.  Prices are a lil steep, but not unrealistic.   -  - The margaritas here live up to the name though.  They are delicious!!!!!	2009-06-08	0	0	1
Mf07h58S5UPTntfyB9VNJQ	OiCxoAIoBvEWxf7p1qVVmA	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	3	Good food and service for the price (we did the tasting menu), especially in Las Vegas. But overall, it was nothing mind-blowing. The dishes that really stuck out were the wagyu beef tartare, foie gras brulee, and the 48 hr beef belly. -  - The foie gras brulee was seriously something else...never had anything like it, and I would agree with some fellow yelpers that it was on the sweeter side, but when eaten with the toasted brioche that was provided on the side, I think the fruit glaze/spread in the brulee really complimented well. (I thought the combination of flavors was actually quite similar to the fois gras terrine paired with sweet tomato jam that we had tried before at Providence in Los Angeles). Overall, I think the dish was so unique and tasty that I would come back just for it! As for the other decent dishes, I think I could easily find something comparable at another restaurant. -  - Complimentary freshly baked bacon bread and sourdough bread were both delicious! Dishes came out in a very timely manner and we never waited long before the next course. At the end of our meal, we were presented complimentary hot white chocolate (with browned butter) served in a shotglass...it was so rich and delicious. Service was attentive and friendly. Decor at the restaurant is unique and interesting -- the restaurant used a modern mix of cushioned benches with pillows and chairs. Crowd seemed to be on the younger side (probably in the 25-40 age group).	2012-07-10	1	0	1
NUK3cKqTyCVm18lorYJ8tg	RRF7KrSLVK19P8UsLXBhzg	1WGF-Sod2HT4tRsulupfVw	1	If it were possible to give a lesser rating, I would.  That is how terrible my experience was at this spa.  My sister was getting married and as part of her bridal party, we decided to treat her to a day of relaxation, but things went wrong before we even got there.  First of all, the evening before, the spa cancelled one of the girl's massage appointments without any explanation nor did they offer her any alternative solution for the trouble.  As for what happened to me personally, they completely messed up my hair appointment even though I had called three times during the week to confirm everybody's services and appointment times.  You can imagine how angry I was when on the way there I got a call from the spa saying they were charging me a fee because I didn't show up for my appointment.   And it didn't end there.  I was told over the phone that I would have to wait 30 minutes before I could see a stylist (did they expect me to twiddle my thumbs in the lobby while everyone else in went in without me?).  However, once I got there, I saw someone within minutes, but I learned later that they gave me the appointment of one of the girls in my party.   How terrible.  We were a couple minutes late because I wanted to make sure I had a spot before we got to the spa and she was behind me in the check-in line.  For my trouble they credited me $15 Dolce bucks, which seems kind of paltry considering the utter lack of professionalsim that I experienced.   -  - Granted, the hair cut and style service was good, but it just did not make up for all the bad things that happened.  Needless to say I would not recommend this place.  There's plenty of other spas in Scottsdale, try one of those.	2013-03-25	0	0	1
Yw64N8-tYr1pxDVN84_pBg	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	5	I thought it was time to amend my review.  I love the true cajun flavors as well as the bada$$ spice.  My recommendation is the shrimp because you get more meat than with crawfish, as well as an ear of corn swimming in the garlic, lemony, goodness. -  - I can't believe I still come here with a shellfish allergy. Lol. I just pop a Benadryl beforehand now.	2010-09-19	1	2	1
CK6_iev3GydmwctUIuSNTw	lPh02W25cOrAz57UbTpbFQ	e-otkBGfqXD5JcsPSKUc-w	2	I would give the food 5 stars but I had something strange happen to me the two times I was there and I'll never go back because of it.  -  - Both times I was there I was picking up take-out. The first time I was picking up my food, the total was something like $19.20 and I gave the very polite man a $20 bill. He didn't bring me any change, but asked me if I wanted something to drink while I waited. I though maybe when he brought me my food, he would give me my change but he didn't. I was going to tip him but since he never even mentioned my change, I let that be his "tip".  -  - The next and last time I went I got to go food again. It was the same guy and he took my order and the total was $43.50. I have him $45. So this is actual paper money now so I thought he would totally bring me my money back this time. Again, very polite, asked me if I wanted something to drink.....and never mentioned my change again! It's not the money that bothered me, it's the assumption that really irritates me. Now you may ask, why didn't I just ask for my change. Well it's kinda simple, why should i have to! He lost a customer and a word of mouth review for $1.50.  -  - I was almost tempted to try this theory again and pay for something with a $100 and see what the result would be. Does he only keep a certain amount of money, would something over $20, $40 $50 be pushing his luck.... -  - So in short, the food is pretty good, the thieving man is very polite but I don't like when someone just assumes that my change is his tip.	2012-06-05	2	4	4
ytzdfS_Sw0uUHno0c4Vufg	PXviRcHR1mqdH4vRc2LEAQ	8tCgNjvzZT2ITsviHNxk0A	5	Awesome gourmet burger bar. -  - I just ate lunch there and am in a food coma.  I had the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries and a Dogfish Head 22oz My Antonia Pilsner.   Everything fit together perfectly.  The burger was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing.  The fries were crisp and covered in jalapenos and cilantro with hawaiin sea salt and had a chili dipping sauce that fit together perfectly.   The beer was the perfect accent to the meal as well.  You can always count on Dogfish head.   -  - Overall this place was great, service was great and I will highly reccomend to anyone looking for a great burger experience.   The prices I feel are good for what your getting.  My entire meal was $30 and change.    -  - Bachi Burger is not too be related at all with fast food, In & Out or anything of that nature.  When you come here you are getting the sushi of burgers.  Nothing is spared in the pursuit of perfection to get you to burger nirvana.	2012-02-28	0	0	0
rm2dmYG3GIwKPM1IlGKoRA	EtijSxqheu_LHohSvKQfLA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	1	I would like to start this review by saying that I have been coming to Ken's Nails and Spa for a few years now for several different services and - in the past - have always had great service and results. I have always been greeted immediately and have never had to wait more than a couple minutes before I am taken back for services. It truly has been my go-to in the past and I am super sad that I am going to stop frequenting this business.  -  - I am not exactly sure what has changed but my last few visits have been anything but pleasant. First, a couple weeks ago I came in for my normal eyebrow wax. Usually I am in and out in a couple minutes with perfectly manicured brows. This time I left with my eyebrows on FIRE. I went to the Albertson's following my appointment and bought some cooling aloe gel for relief but nothing helped. The area ended up breaking out in blisters that last at least a week. I had several people ask me if I had suffered a burn. Yikes! it was not good and extremely painful.  -  - I let the bad eyebrow wax slide and thought maybe it was a fluke accident and went back last night for a mani-pedi. I feel bad because I am not sure the tech who was working on me really understood some of the things I was trying to communicate to her. At one point I asked her to file my nails slightly shorter and she said "ok" but then just moved on. That wasn't really the worst part though. During both the mani and pedi she repeatedly hurt me while removing my cuticles. I can be a wuss so I know sometimes it is just me being a baby but this was ridiculous. At one point I gasped and pulled my foot away and the nail tech next to her actually had to scold her and tell her to take it easy. Needless to say I left with one nail bleeding which didn't stop for over an hour and is still painful to the touch.	2014-06-25	0	0	0
1XOTK1bc6b0wxTR3h2o3CA	u7E7_VtKhGBbH9sMoIQCIw	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	1	This is a tourist trap full of sleazy-looking women trying to up-sell you on a shooting range package. They won't let you bring your own weapons to the range (other than handguns and that's just for locals) because they want to sell their packages. The place had the feel of a strip club. Horrible. If you're serious this isn't the place for you.	2013-02-09	1	1	1
q2khz5b67A7m4O8ii7QCzA	MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw	MR0N19L6C1MbUNuuJkxZeQ	4	I went to see the Van Gogh exhibit.  It was fantastic!  My only complaint is that I could hear kids screaming pretty loudly out in the science center exhibits.  It took a little bit away from my experience.	2012-06-07	0	0	0
YgS9owbvynlx6WFnyuZ3cA	AkOruz5CrCxUmXe1p_WoRg	QDYycbzKLF0Sd6jgf0wDRQ	4	This place never disappoints!  With a mix of Italian and Asian cuisine there are always lots of choices.  My boyfriend and I couldn't decide so we chose one Italian dish and one Asian dish: Seafood Yakisoba and Cajun Shrimp.  They definitely did not skimp on the seafood!  Both dishes had plenty of shrimp!  I love the warm bread they serve prior to bringing out your meals as well.  CherryBlossom also always has a great assortment of desserts.  This time we had the peach cheesecake which was amazing, and highly recommended. - I feel like a lot of small restaurants have slow service, but that is not the case here!  Great food and great service make this a place I will definitely be visiting again!	2011-05-26	0	0	1
vARPBCDCcz_px4M7-Lxc5A	4UVhuOLaMm2-34SrW8y-ag	7fsfvAZXpbeg20v5igfHMA	4	Thank you Yelp for existing - without you, we would never have found this place and missed one of the more pleasurable experiences of the last field trip. -  - The five of us ate ourselves through roughly 15-20 dishes and left very full but happy campers. I was not that impressed by all things fried: the Wasabi Green Bean Tempura was OK, but not stellar and the Katsu was actually just so-so and quite dry. -  - But everything else (sashimi, the rolls, the delicious beef, the broiled mackerel and salmon, ...) was very yummy. Some things a bit heavy on the butter, but yummy. -  - One hint: it's definitely worse to invest the time and neck-kink to read all the specials that are tacked up all over the walls, those were the best dishes we had! -  - Oh, and including beers and tip, we walked out for just under $30 per head. 4 very satisfied stars!	2008-01-08	1	1	2
Xa9wUV2s2d0Ef5nF7OeBRg	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	4	The outdoor patio is what makes this bar great.  If you can find a spot on the patio, which can be hard because it gets busy, you are set.  I love the vibes of this bar.  It has a very laid back environment and it is not intimidating or lame at all. I have only experienced the food once and it was simple bar food but it was much better then the average bar.	2009-05-29	1	1	2
02L24yDQ5GHOBt9APfJHjw	AmrJkhuLdS_3_GQKj01WAg	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	4	My previous experiences with biopsies have not been all that great. Unfortunately it was with a Dermatologist near my home. The results from this place came back that I had an overdose with Benadryl... -  - I am very pleased with the services provided here at Arcadia Dermatology. -  - Dr Henry did try his best to figure out my reactions that continued to happen. He allowed me to take a medication that was very strong although was the cure for many cases online. I began the medication and have not had a reaction since. Now I am 5 months free of reactions and am so happy. -  - The doctor assistants are easy to speak with and Dr Henry has a high enough respect for them that allowed me to feel comfortable with them.	2011-09-26	0	0	0
Amo9tfi_J9JyK55pfHSfzQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	L5J48U4acxyjgZ7JHeGDgg	5	You know what I think is funny? When folks come to Vegas and get Subway when you could get Subway pretty much anywhereeeee in the world. Folks: DON'T GO TO SUBWAY, COME HERE! You either flew out to Vegas or drove hours to get here, at least satisfy your taste buds with not only something new and limited in locations, but something hot and yummyyyy (no, I'm not talking about the boys from Thunder from Down Under). -  - Caribbean Jerk Chicken, hands down, my favorite. Spicy, sweet and toasted, just the way I like it! But if you're not feeling the spicy and sweet, the menu is stacked with options suitable for anyone's taste: meat lovers, veggie lovers, exotic taste buds. Anyone! Just have one of these before the club or after, and it gets the job done AKA it does a great job of soaking up all the alcohol you've consumed! Plus, how could you refuse a cheap sandwich??? Less than $7, come onnnnn! A good quality sandwich is worth itttt. -  - So to summarize my review: screw the $5 footlongs and come get some good ol' Earl of Sandwichhhh!	2010-12-23	0	1	4
-Sj2VE9SslEa4y3T0qsglg	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	r7V9Nhes-Eg-lH0cqfpFFw	4	Had another really good meal at Mastro's.   Again, the steak was very good, just as I remember it being last time.    -  - A few notes: -  - - Music was better, no terrible live band. -  - - The sides both had an excessive amount of cheese.   For me to say that, it had to really be excessive.   (Mac & Cheese and Potato Au Gratin).   I didn't think it was possible, but you actually CAN put too much cheese in Mac and Cheese.  Don't ask me to explain it, I cant, but it really happened.  -  - - Wait staff was excellent.  Our waiter oozed professionalism.	2010-06-23	1	1	3
RIJv2q-yMkYatgavadRD_Q	2bZk38_vJCkAVI0f2TeqZQ	AkLRwgw9ljUqXWyBNzpqXQ	5	Well, I'm a little biased being that I'm one of the members here; but seriously Eye Lounge exhibits some of the better up and coming artists in town.  A little plug for myself, come see my show there in November (it's in the west gallery Omer!)  If any of you want a card, email me your address and I will send one right out to ya!	2006-09-28	2	1	2
3jVrYIbmU9ak-KqP4nUaUw	LLDGTT7FExklkQvHebEjRg	oMgPwpVXUbGG3EeR78HxWw	5	Having come here for the stone crab you can imagine my profound disappointment to learn they were sold out of stone crabs (at 8:30 pm).  - I had the rock crab claws instead and while they were actually outstanding, they were still noticeably inferior to Joe's stone crabs.  - Next time I will be here by 5pm to increase my odds of being able to order the namesake delicacy at (what used to be known as) Joe's Stone Crab.	2013-11-20	0	0	0
KhiRnH6PYg6S_k-GQVkaMw	akCEmlqxFOTpn2oxSPDLkA	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	It's easy to tell that it's an older mall - not a big thing for us at all, age means it's been able to hold on through the times, right? The stores range from the American Eagle, Abercrombie and the like to the standard staple department stores like Dillard's, Macy's and JCP.  It's easy to find a place to make a purchase without spending a ton! -  - The food court is pretty typical for a mall and there is something in almost every taste range - it's a bummer that the Auntie Annie's pretzels place was closed but it's not like there aren't other options! -  - It doesn't have the size or offerings that Scottsdale Fashion Square does - BUT it definitely has more stores that I'm likely to shop in and actually make a purchase!  -  - The parking lot was big and it was easy enough to find a spot.   -  - Overall: B+ - A bit older of a mall, but plenty of choices and easy to walk around in - makes this location a spot we will definitely be back to!	2013-10-29	2	1	2
HMEWLaXdRuTeMfJTO6B0jw	MuIXnv7Oq7X3-4aEsp9dDA	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	5	Been wanting to try this place for a bit now, and we were finally able to check it off the bookmark list.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in and sat (as requested) at a nice table outside. The decor and atmosphere was fun, eclectic, and welcoming. -  - Our server stopped over within a minute or two and took our drink orders. After a little deliberation and a few well answered questions from our server, I ordered the truffle grilled cheese and he has the lamb burger. The truffle grilled cheese was extremely tasty. The onions on it were cooked perfectly and the truffle flavor was distinguishable, but not overwhelming on the other flavors!  The side salad had some delicious berries and cheese topped with a light balsamic that made a winning combo. -  - Despite being relatively stuffed already, we just had to try the brownie dessert with caramel sauce.  The only things that could have made this delectable delight better - warm that baby up before topping it with the ice cream! It was however, devoured as it was, so obviously it wasn't a loss by any means. -  - Our server was friendly and wonderful from start to finish - he made (good) recommendations, checked in regularly, and made us laugh. -  - Overall: A - When we are back in the area, this is definitely on our "do again" list!	2014-04-23	0	0	1
e-74WM35-Sski-cmXhAmfQ	r9nLQrVfyqCDVT-Gvx8w9g	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	Standard location with all the usual fare. This one is cleaner and more organized than some of the other locations I've been to in various cities. These stores are really hit or miss for me.  I either find ten things I want to take home, or nothing I want.   -  - This go-around I didn't find anything to take home, but I'm sure if I visit again in the near future it will be another story.  I did like their new Valentine's Day items, and they are usually good about seasonal items as a whole if you are looking to decorate your office or home with some cute things. -  - The staff was friendly and greeted us on our way in and also as we were leaving.   -  - Overall: B - A very decent Ross location with friendly staff and the usual items you'd find for this chain.	2014-01-23	1	1	3
TB6jGpi-14gSqVNyygtb1w	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Usually we hit this place up for lunch on the weekdays.  They have great lunch deals on their bbq platter combos plus good size servings. Plus it's not too busy and you're seated right away 9 times out of 10.  -  - Nights and weekends are a different story.  Mr. B  wanted to celebrate here with the family, so I made a reservation ahead of time just to be on the safe side.  Luckily I did. You know you might have to have a bit of a wait when you walk up and see there are people sitting & milling around outside of the restaurant.  I let the hostess know we had a reservation and was informed it still would be another 15 minute wait. No problem, we just hung out at the bar and chit chatted with our server there who took my drink order.  Ended up that our table was ready to go 5 minutes later.  We were seated in less than a 10 minute wait.  So if you know you'll be dining on  weekends when they are usually busy, make a reservation.  You dont want to be one of the hot and sweaty guests sitting out on the porch. -  - Ambiance: This place is smokin! Literally! The smoker is right in plain view of the restaurant and you can smell all the bbq meats being smoked throughout the place.   Noise level: Weekdays: average ..busy weekends/evenings THIS PLACE IS SO LOUD THAT YOU HAVE TO SHOUT TO HEAR YOURSELF!  Either that or I'm really deaf.  That's how noisy it was. I didn't really mind, but I felt sorry for our server who had to repeat herself a lot. -  - Food: Really 3 STARS ... Its good. Out of all the chain bbq places it's the best out of them. My favorite appys & side dishes are their Creamy Cheese Grits &  Peanut Slaw. Fried Pickles and the onion straws sliced real thin and battered in buttermilk are a must to order!  They come in1/2 and full sizes...1/2 is plenty enough to feed two people.  Oh and their sweet tea refreshing. Love the huge mason jars they always come in. -  - BBQ platters; Mr B ordered the 2 meat platter and I got the 2 meat platter + 1/2 chicken which was six dollars less.  Both platters had the same amount of portions of meat. At least to me (see photos I snapped).   You do have more choices on the 2 meat platter, but if you're going to order pulled pork and rib tips, the 1/2 chicken 2 meat platter is a great value!  The rib tips tender, brisket, chicken, everything had a nice smoky flavor to it.  I like to top my chicken with more of their original bbq sauce.  It's sweet and not too tangy. I usually buy a bottle also to take home.  -  - Finally dessert: Cake for the birthday guy..a red velvet one. He said it was very good, moist and the icing very sweet and cream cheesy (his words).  I stuck with my usual, warm bread pudding that's drenched in a bourbon sauce . It has bits of peach slices in it. The smaller order is just right for me.  -  - This place is pretty consistent in service.  Wait staff always friendly,(+1 for all the 49er fan props) our food comes out quick, drinks are always refilled on time,  everything is always good, never had been disappointed with any order..and despite the super busy night, Mr. B's birthday celebration here was a success.	2012-09-10	2	0	2
9cQSRoCCYT0Hb5f2VpvxLw	lPh02W25cOrAz57UbTpbFQ	QcrDZ9MFb6-9aGAo0hnVvQ	4	love the AYCE menu!	2014-05-15	1	0	0
HUMngu6D_miSDDXeMmxTfw	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	l5ygBczCODC-MBl50toOUQ	4	I would recommend making reservations waaay in advance to sit outside for dinner, or make reservations the day before to sit outside for lunch. Hanging out in the patio while the fountains do their thing is quite a site. The service was pretty good and the food was delicious. We had a bibb lettuce salad and shared a mushroom flat bread. The presentation of the salad was really nice and the dressing on it was light and tasty. The flat bread was also really great tasting. Oh....make sure to order the blueberry sour. Yummers! Drink slowly though :) -  - Do expect to pay a little more than your average lunch place.	2013-03-06	0	0	0
46rj4o__l0NTq84tOkMOCQ	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	6a626hnO7rA4dfbSmqtecg	5	My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans so when we saw the restaurant as we walked the strip we had to stop in.  It was noon and the line was a bit long, however the wait was only 20 minutes. This might indicate that they were churning out customers, however that was not the case at all. We spent time talking to the hostess, waiter and manager, however Gordon wasn't there. We missed him by 2 days.   - I was hung over so I opted for the Farm Burger which included an egg and duck breast bacon.  Perfect.   We also enjoyed onion rings which were the best I have ever eaten.  My only regret was that I was only able to finish 1/2 of my beer.  30 on tap.   - The service, food, prices and atmosphere are excellent for a casual meal.   - With so many choices in Vegas to eat its hard to go wrong, however I do not give out 5 stars often and BurGR well deserves all 5.	2013-07-28	0	0	0
XB60RO_x65xv28VnsjaCPQ	9JkAZsDK2d2ingb8Pjyp3Q	o1qNpvRDOo5IumOPKuN8Cg	1	This Doctor should not be practicing and I would NEVER recommend anyone I know going to him. -  - On January 30 2008, I felt a lump in my breast.  I went in for a mammogram within a couple days and then scheduled and appointment with Dr Semrad.   -  - While in his office he did the physical exam.  Felt the lump.  Made a joke about hoping my husband liked golf since the mass was the size of a golf ball (4cm).... when I asked what it was or what we do next he said it is just fybrocystic change and nothing to worry about and come back in a year. -  - In August 2008 I felt pain under my arm and contacted his office when they opened at 9 am telling them that he had assured me it was nothing but that I felt pain under my arm while applying deodorant and needed to get in right away.  I was told that he was in with another patient and they would get with him as soon as he got out of the room and call me back.  But that he will likely refer me to someone.   -  - I waited and did not hear back from them before lunch so I called as soon as lunch was over and expressed my concern that i was told someone would call me back as soon as he finished with the patient he was seeing and that no one had ever called me.   I got the same story.  He is in with a patient when he gets out of the room we will talk to him and call  you back. -  - No one from his office called me back until after 5 pm. -  - I ended up being diagnosed with Stage 3 Triple Negative Breast Cancer.  because of the size of the tumor now 7 cm and it being in my lymph nodes. -  - had he done his job and cared about me his patient it would likely have been stage 2 and not as advanced.   -  - He doesnt deserve to be caring for patients and patients deserve way better than him	2012-11-16	0	0	2
bo4V4j8obuhsimbOtxrCGQ	tbANFIP17slL1xPIUsl1MA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	I have been going to Sutra for a few months now and I have fallen in love with this studio. The instructors are amazing, the desk staff is always helpful and nice, and the schedule is great. This studio embodies exactly how I always envisioned the perfect yoga studio - warm and welcoming. Namaste. : )	2013-02-08	0	0	0
XmBCnSXLLhWB-F9CK8NDpw	YeFdVd9zmNWQYirgQS-NaQ	7zfbj9zWX8OwL6QlNfs6pw	5	Went to T-mobile last night to take advantage of the new "we will payoff your early termination fees if you switch over to us" deal.  I walked in and was greeted immediately even though there were other customers in the store.  The staff was very attentive.  Steve helped me out..at first I was unsure of Steve, but once he started talking we had great conversation and he answered all of my questions.  We laughed a lot and talked about different phones.  I ended up with 4 brand new phones and a better plan at a cheaper price than Verizon.  It was a great deal.  The staff even stayed late to help us out. - A big kudus to Steve and the other young lady (I forgot her name!) that helped us out.  You guys did a great job and I appreciate all your had work.  Staff like this will make T-mobile succeed!	2014-02-20	0	0	0
Dm9KrovPffGiK3mssIhfWA	ykBWmSL1yDrAob2a20b2DQ	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	I have the cutest nails!  Gel nails that last forever.  Flowers on my toes to go with my spring wardrobe.  And for an extra $10...a 15 minute foot massage that was ABSOLUTELY heaven.	2013-04-24	0	1	0
l3Brh5fq2_VujlMEjOTbsQ	1Ue0s0Aw2kwVAB9FU4gjzQ	ZizJvVSIdRl8dFj4PnMA7A	5	We were in Vegas for a mini vacation and went to Alternate Reality Comics because of the rave reviews here on yelp.  We were not disappointed. -  - This is one of the coolest comic book stores I have been to.  Talk about lots of independent comics.  I picked up a true gem of a comic called "The Pro" (Ennis, Conner, Palmiotti, Mounts) and what a funny, funny comic (not for the politically correct).   -  - I could not believe the selection of odd ball, off the wall stuff.  Right up our alley.  We purchased lotsa stuff. -  - The guy we spoke to (I think he was the owner) was an oddball himself and very charming.  We talked about San Diego Comic Con and the difficulty in finding good comic book stores or comic book stores with staying power.  He was a fountain of information and willing to order any comic book you wanted if he didn't have it in stock.  Very nice and accommodating as well. -  - If we lived closer to Las Vegas this would be one of our regular stops.  Very warm and hospitable atmosphere.	2007-10-12	2	0	0
DW5jrnpYwbLWe6gsmwyNIw	b-0bS82UE1q_Bv1IOV0tJA	RqeC8jGq757SbtfY5RppQw	5	I give this place a 5 star because of their increasing stock of plus size clothing. Now, I hate to tell my whole life story but if you're plus size, such as myself. You will thank The Lord for ever coming into contact with a place like this. Plus size clothes are expensive as hell ! The ladies are always working their butt off in the store to make sure everything is easy too find. & there is always a sale going on. It's MY heaven.	2013-08-20	0	0	0
nqL_xKGlzQ27hqbeNVVF0Q	ianvVTA81I6lilpN1e0Cig	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	I love the shabby chic style of this boutique. A lot of their home decor has feminine and romantic touches or as Mr B. put it girly froo froo stuff. There's alot handcrafts that look  like it came straight out of Pinterest. Like the tree branch display spray painted in silver and covered in glitter with Valentine ornaments hanging on it. Super cute! Inspires me to break out the glue gun and start crafting myself but since I dont have time nor the patience to create unique vintage inspired crafts, I buy them.  -   - There are some things that are pretty pricey but most are in reasonable price range. Some of the things they sell are locally made, like their jewelry,bath and kitchen products.  It's quality stuff, not the cheap mass produced junk from China. So for me what they charge it's worth it. -   - My latest thing is wearing stacked bracelets or layering them.  They carry the cutest wrap bracelets with inspirational words.  I got so many compliments from mine, and the only place I found them was here.  -    - Customer service has always been friendly and helpful. Last time I was there, I got a bracelet and the employee showed me the easier way to put it on. It was a nice personal touch to close a sale and the reason why I'm a repeat customer.	2013-01-30	2	2	2
71gGFXdY6BxteEHkVnve-A	2GX0N7hHmR9EuROfQ6fktg	jYatk8cX1GSa0D0Ej7JjXg	5	Decent selection of firearms and didn't mind that I came in 10 minutes before closing.  Took the time necessary to answer my questions and I spent $1540 in 20 minutes.	2011-06-16	0	0	0
NONyZ1IJoykklrb8nhSx4A	CZjcFdvJhksq9dy58NVEzw	9aopoMdaOVkVMKTHNPdUUw	4	This is my only buffet to ever get a rating above 3 stars. That's saying something because all I usually ask from buffets is that you leave full. Mediocre food? That's usually a given. Well, guess what? This food was actually pretty good. Even had a extreme surprise in store for me. -  - I dug their pasta and Italian kind food. I may have over did it with the mozzarella balls. The meats were on average for a buffet. Their dessert selection was mind boggling! -  - The best and most surprising thing here is their strawberry tart (see my pictures). Super sweet strawberry's on a crushed almond cookie with a sort of custard inside with pistachio crumbles. All drizzled with sweet syrup on top. Holy Cow! This rates as one of the best desserts that I have EVER eaten! I think I ate about 3-4 of these AFTER eating the buffet! I want more right now! They could probably market it as a stand alone dessert product! Blew my mind! -  - I am definitely going back to this one.	2009-11-02	1	1	1
O-3kDYDbpqKms83NQ1OB7g	gGeVLZ9j_wAYKbaqgnKSJA	3Dg56MS7V-Ua9d3n_wAemg	2	Tao Restaurant is a pretty nice place.  Really cool environment, good vibe, beautiful layout, etc, etc.  It's also not a bad thing that they don't seat you right away (even if you have reservations)....they have a nice lounge area. -  - If restaurants were all about the environment, then Tao would get 5 stars.  But alas, this is a review of a restaurant, so the actual food is important too.  Typical asian fusion stuff....a mix of a wide variety of asian dishes.  If you don't know what asian fusion is, think about it this way....you can order sashimi (Japanese), pad thai (thai), satay chicken for appetizers (thai), and then throw down some shrimp, sea bass, spicey tuna rolls, kung pao, etc.  Oh yeah, avoid the sashimi....we're talking 4 small leaflets worth for $60.  The food is decent, but nothing special.  The environment goes along way (great place to take your special someone or a bunch of friends)...but the food is nothing to rave about.  Remember, it's definitely on the pricey end.  If you're considering a few appetizers, some drinks, maybe a bottle of sake, an entree for you and your sweatie, and then some dessert to close the deal, we're talking $100 each, easily. -  - And please, please don't go here just to get a free line pass for Tao, the club.  It's not worth it.  Why pay $100 per person for a mediocre dinner just to get into the club?  And besides, if you're part of a sausage fest, you'll still have to pay cover and still wait a bit in line.  And if you cheap out on the dinner (where your main motivation was to get into the club and it's obvious), the server doesn't have to hook you up. -  - And once you're in, you're screwed because Tao is geared towards table service.....unless you enjoy being packed like sardines (well I suppose if there were two girls and you.....).  Anyways, think about it...$100 for dinner, $ for cover, and then a whole bunch of $ for drinks. ...and standing the whole time and being very uncomfortable.  Or spending $200-$250 each person for bottle/table service, depending on how many are in your group.  It's a no brainer. -  - So back to the Tao restaurant....great environment good vibe, cool place to eat......average food.	2008-06-16	0	0	1
rqBdXHRrg9SBhwnrVN4v6w	gkWEjZIVcrUerEzed6IKpg	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	4	Very good Indian food.  Nann was thin and delicious.  Might just be my favorite Indian restaurant.	2014-01-21	0	0	0
5Pe2qM2HAqbOihkKLDMEFw	c12WDNrP2wyQgbnEYDdxCw	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	2	Had my husband and I actually paid to eat here, I would have been mad. This casino property is one of the largest on the strip, and their buffet is the smallest I've ever seen. Much of the food did not even appeal to me, and what I did choose to put on my plate, I did not even finish. The food variety and quality is definitely lacking here.  -  - The way the lines are set up to enter the buffet are confusing and cluttered too.  We stood in line for about 30 minutes without even moving an inch at one point. All that waiting for blah food. It was worth what we paid... free.	2013-12-14	4	0	3
JT2wVFc7EbszXNZz_rSnpQ	JfMWD7eZHg1IfBVGZdPamw	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	1	I was very disappointed by my last two trips to this salon and won't be going back. I think they have changed hands within the past year, and service has gone downhill.  The last time I went there was about 2-3 months ago. The tech that did my nails cut me (twice!) and was just not very friendly.  I went to a different place, and then I kind of forgot and went back.  Unfortunately, I got the same person again. She's in the last station next to the sinks, about 35-40 years old.  I didn't see her license anywhere, so I don't know her name. The hot stone massage I got was less than a minute. I am not kidding. She didn't cut me this time, but I was pretty tense for the whole thing.  She messed up my thumbnail and then when she fixed it (I didn't point it out) she put on thick, lumpy coats. I am not convinced that they keep the tools very clean either, and I am pretty sure that they used a dirty nail clipper for my manicure. This is her response to the tip I gave her ($6 for a $33 mani/pedi) - imagine a cross between a blank stare and a snarl.  -   - It's too bad that this place changed, because it is a convenient location and I really used to like it.	2011-10-20	0	0	1
FQvsMugsXJBgd1o3xEmAPw	dfOFgjhuEp5GdHJhVzjOAA	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	5	I come here almost every week to relieve stress on my body.  Great deal. Can't beat $20 for 1 hour.	2014-01-24	0	0	0
SaOvWXebuqf2MsjV-urAmg	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	ix2q3b4FcbeV7L52Lxj33g	2	I've been to many mastro's and typically leave happy.  I had the bone in filet which was mediocre/good and for the price charged that just isnt acceptable.  Crab cakes were tasty but not as good as another restaurant in town that were amazing (eddie v's)!	2011-11-23	0	0	1
sARe1yw7Vy92ur5DVJMFIw	b0XSFuuhNZ70-x6ikR3C5A	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	2	I agree with the vast review assessments below. The workers are very nice and really cant do anything about corporate not investing in updates to the physical location. All the vacuums, buffing machines and Clorox wipes in the world can't fix the dirty in this place. It just needs a remodel overhaul.  If you must go here, buy only pre-packaged essentials and meat from the fresh deli section (excluding the chicken - don't buy any of the chicken in this place).  -  - Oh, last but not least, short of carrying Jenni-O brand ground turkey there is NOTHING organic or organic-like in the entire place. Bummer. Gotta go to F & E or Sprouts (and occasionally Target has some decent chemical free foods).	2013-08-14	0	0	0
ok3f08NxZA_9d4pDoCjzqg	vPnwX30Gn0oa4dVBL0W4Ww	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	One star dropped. Should be two.  One for not having rib eye out during dinner hours yet they still charge you more.   -  - And.....  -  -  - 2. Poor service.. The servers who work the dinner hour shifts are flaky.  The last straw for me was the last time we had dinner, they came by the table to clear the plate.  It had blood from the uncooked meat leftovers.  Well the server spilled 1/2 of it  on the table.. server saw it.. then pretended not to and hurried away.. So we had puddle of meat juice on our table.. eww.. Luckily I had some napkins to sop up the mess and this germaphobe had clean wipes handy in my purse.. Otherwise we'd be waiting another 5 minutes for someone to show up again in our area.  -  - But since the afternoon crew makes up for the lackadaisical evening shift crew I'll call it at three stars for now  -  -  - Looks like time for me to check out the other KBbqs that have grill at your own table.	2013-10-18	5	3	5
HPjYc_W_q7wTa4d31P5ybQ	8buIr1zBCO7OEcAQSZko7w	sCA_dfR1MgiKF_whyW2JSA	5	Firefly is my one must visit when I am in Vegas. - Last night was no exception - food was 'stop-the-conversation' ridiculously good. - Bacon wrapped dates - just perfect. - Chorizo and Chicken stuffed mushrooms - amazing - Filet and mushroom skewers - grilled perfectly, just wonderful -  - And as far as value goes, I have taken 6 people to dinner with plenty of Sangria and Mojitos and walked out for around $50 a person and had clients high-fiving each other. -  - Go to Firefly, you will not regret it.	2013-02-22	0	0	1
6fWapeLtEb9Jqbo3rzyGcg	KPoTixdjoJxSqRSEApSAGg	VCK3eQKToEkmu8jdSEbTwQ	5	Yet another phenomenal meal. Had the Dragon Eggz which were tangy as ever. Also tried the Turtle Island Crab, which is literally a deconstructed won ton. Just brilliant. And the perfect thing to have during the awful Phoenix summer! -  - For dinner I ordered the Temple of Fire, and they weren't joking. It would be nice if they wouldn't pound the chicken flat as a pancake, though! Cook the whole thing and cut it up, instead! Pounding a chicken flat makes it tough.  -  - The service was stellar as always. Our server was cheerful, and on point.	2013-06-07	1	0	1
CLNgFvszU8mW-jqbI6_Rmw	5GKbGn9-fAgQ0njSh3OJ8A	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	This review is just for the nightclub on Sunday. WAHOO! What a fun time. The music was pumping, the crowd was fun, the drinks were strong and the company was fantastic. Rob, the VIP host, was wonderful and accommodating. The only bad part was I was exhausted and couldn't fully enjoy my surroundings (my friend practically had to prop me up at the bar). It was probably the best time I have had out and about in a long time. Will be back soon when I don't have mommy duty the next day. Cheers and thank you Rob :)	2011-04-12	1	0	1
dv7buwZ16bX75jKufhOc3Q	rmiK8V7l7NgEJSHJT-zWQQ	YHyXm2325E6spmnDJW6FPw	4	I've been coming here for many years!  This outlet center has the best deals around.  It's a little bit of an older property...and it's due for a remodel...but I'm here for the bargains not the decor...I save that for the casinos.   -  - They have great shops and they have real bargains...unlike MANY of the other so called "outlet" malls that I have been to.  You know the ones where they have 95% of the regularly priced items and then a "clearance" rack...yeah that does not qualify as an outlet store. -  - The have two food courts...nothing too interesting except for the Great American cookies...which they don't have in California.  Nothing like a little sugar to get back on track.  Come here with a lot of time, money and comfortable shoes...and if you don't have the comfortable shoes...don't worry...you can buy them here!!!	2009-11-18	1	1	1
S5nwAcDr-97fTqD2D_duxw	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	hMKVWYZJX0PEonqpyNfEXQ	4	This place was soo cute! i loved it!  -  - unfortunately, my boyfriend and i did have to wait about 30 mins on a saturday night at around 9pm. once we were seated, though, our server was THE best! she was so nice and friendly and the service was quick too! she always refilled our drinks before we had to ask which is always a plus!! -  - i had the bacon and bleu cheese burger which i was a little disappointed with..but that was only my fault! cant blame them...i read it wrong somehow and didnt realize there was blue cheese on it..which i really dont like. other than that though, it was good! the fries were delish too!  -  - i really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate since ive heard so many people rave about it. but the boyfriend wanted to oreo one, so thats the one we got. it didnt disappoint though! that thing was yummy!! =] -  - overall, i really liked this place and i would definitely come back! great food AND great service!!	2010-08-04	0	1	0
8G3uDQX5ykVmkC7K2FMHZQ	9ggd0DySEZNw990JGaFSQQ	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	3	Weird illuminati pyramid as you drive up from the south = coolest thing about this place.	2012-03-09	4	4	6
aBWktaUdd-z7IFGQMoo8Eg	JauLZ0TL3D3VIGtSnStzhA	kacGoYeEiJ2P-Le0twh_Iw	5	This is my favorite spot to eat in Las Vegas!!  It has a great view over looking the strip; feels as if you sitting right above it.   Now the best thing the food!  When I go I ask for the worlds best patty melt. (might not be on the menu just ask)  It has three types of cheese brie, Swiss, cheddar., grilled onions, mushrooms, and secret sauce.  This is the best that I have ever had.  Another good thing is the mac-&-cheese with Doritos  mixed in it!  Someone must have been drunk or high to come up with this but it is a wonderful mixture (add their hot sauce to it makes it even better)  Good eats peeps!!!	2012-06-27	0	0	0
hYlg4MfgUoLTflE-ur4wCg	ykBWmSL1yDrAob2a20b2DQ	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	4	I love feeling like a queen for the day. One tech at my feet, one doing my nails.  And I definitly recommend getting gel nails.  It looks great and lasts long.	2012-08-11	0	0	0
1JUCs9fSXRGlBoAvP47_pA	Gn7bMxhZgY0bivsthvJWJQ	tUtlCpzGh6yPXyvXYi4vIA	5	Reasonable price and good crab legs and shrimp. I been there a few times and they are very quick to sit you down. Good buffet.	2013-11-14	0	0	0
vSNTrACONZGeYL_uJ0BAqw	QdHebEly47rw2nrfbUCMMA	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	5	This is such a neat store! I visited in December/January of 2010, and was pretty impressed. But I didn't really buy much here. I regretted it later on once I found out buying San-X stuff is so much more expensive online! I am going back to Las Vegas in a few short weeks and I plan to get a lot more goodies here. I also want to check out the "first" store to see if it is any different.  -  - I can't offer a price comparison since I never get to go into similar stores...but if you want to explore shops off the strip and are into Japanese culture (and candy) then this store is a must see!	2010-06-04	0	0	0
Okq7WfUftA7Bj3oH-OuNpg	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	tj-FCVA35_Q6ojBZAk8eTg	5	from their site: "if you don't like these, then you must not like beer." -  - blunt, but warranted.  four peaks offers most common microbrews and throws in a few rotating seasonals.  if you don't like most of them, you're probably better off with a bud light; if you don't like any, you must not like beer. -  - my favorites were their hop knot IPA and kilt lifter.  both were unrestrained, west coast style - the hop knot loaded with potent hops and the kilt lifter with malt.  just awesome stuff, especially underneath the unrelenting arizona sun. -  - they don't slouch on the menu either, though i was too busy floating in the beer sampler to give the food much of a chance.  for any non-beer drinkers or for any beer drinkers with bottomless bellies, the oatmeal stout milkshake is a must-have.	2011-04-03	1	0	1
ImdNMFv4f3vFMcwX9pLk-w	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	3	Second time here wasn't as good as the first.  I was hoping to see Chef Keller's legendary awesomeness at breakfast, but surprisingly came away disappointed.   -  - It was pretty spankin early for vegas standards, so my friend and I came here for breakfast.  It's set away from the casino, which makes it's a nice, relatively quiet place.  The sausages were great, but the crossiant was really greasy.  I mean it made my lips extra-shiny-greasy.  And the potato was very salty.  But the sausages were just that good that i overlooked most of the imperfections.   -  - It's a nice dining experience here and in the summer you can eat on the patio that overlooks one of the smaller, more private pools at the venetian (which i did last year).  One thing of note is that my friend felt uncomfortable with all the old men leering at her throughout our meal.  I think they thought i was taking my hooker to breakfast, but um, no that's not it.  Bouchon can't control that, but it did make her uncomfortable.	2009-01-09	4	3	4
SRmGlihxQnPmGpJv5Q04ww	8mcXktLkaY1pcEMhFuSo2w	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	Working at a dance studio I can almost get away with just wearing Lululemon everyday, all day. Their clothing is the highest quality. I've worn my Wunder Unders at least twice a week for 3 years now and they still look great. If you can afford it do it and if you can't afford it do it anyway, like me!	2011-07-27	1	1	1
3eP9lueyceooa3tpEDU4SA	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	Q3fOGZT4YlIZu1gLDooxrA	3	After reading the reviews, I was worried I would not be full after eating here.  I mean, let's be honest, I eat at an alarming rate.  I was hoping Jose Andres wouldn't let me down.   -  - I think we were fortunate price-wise and portion-wise; as we came away full and with a relatively inexpensive tab.  Maybe it's because I wanted to save my drinks for the great bartenders at Chandelier, or because we weren't that full to begin with.  Nonetheless, we spent less than what we were prepared to spend, which is always good. -  - This place is not a Chinese/Mexican fusion.  It's primarily a menu with Chinese items and Mexican items.  The pozole soup was great and had an excellent spice.  The tacos were freshly prepared, I'd recommend the al pastor or the pork belly.  The Chinese menu was somewhat lacking, as if the items were forced on the menu without any great execution of the dishes to fit the theme. -  - It was pretty rowdy inside, but maybe because I was sitting next to a bachelorette party. I get the feeling it's like that normally. All in all, it was a nice experience, but I think I will stick to ordering from the to-go window.	2012-06-19	1	2	3
gGMaQrQV6Ht2XJkLTbeT2w	rZbHg4ACfN3iShdsT47WKQ	xTxoKlOIZaNoeCXbnUZTvA	4	We drive by Bobby Q's all the time, and comment how so and so said it's good - we should try it. Well, we finally did.  Long time Phoenicians will remember this as the old Bobby McGees with costumed, singing waiters. -  - It's a rustic-looking, galavanized tin building with lots of tangled plants growing around it under what is one of the last stands of eucalyptus trees in the valley; it's cool - makes you feel like you are some place else. -  - I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in.  I didn't know what to expect, and the decor is more elegant than I would have expected, yet with shabby chic touches.  Some tables have chairs on one side and banquettes on the other - something different.  It's very pretty. -  - The menu is pretty standard for a barbeque place.  I went straight for the baby backs (half-rack, $16.00), my favorite.  Hubs ordered two meats ($17, I think) pulled pork and beef brisket.  Our waitress was nice, but a little unpolished, very valley-girl, yet helpful and attentive.  She plopped a basket with two round pieces of cornbread and whipped butter on our table - delish cornbread.  Beer comes with a frozen glass - a nice touch.  -  - He ordered a wedge salad - generous helping of chunky blue cheese over ice berg lettuce with bacon and onion strings.   -  - Sides are standard - shoestring fries that aren't really shoestring, beans, mac and cheese, pecan coleslaw that we almost tried.  We both got the fries and beans. Beans have a little bit of meat in them, and a bit of zip, but are nothing outstanding. -  - The ribs, however, were superb.  I put my fork in between rib one and two and the first bone basically fell on to my plate.  I had to nibble the meat off only a couple of the bones - other than that it melted off the bone.  The flavor was perfect - the meat flavor comes through the not too sweet, not too tart, smoky sauce.   -  - Hubs thoroughly enjoyed his pork and beef as well.  The sides were so, so - we will try different ones next time. -  - We were too full for desert, but received two little - fritters or donuts (couldn't understand the valley-speak) in a paper bag to go.  Fished them out and ate them - little bits of heaven right there. -  - We will definitely be back for ribs.  It's a very pleasant, dressy casual restaurant and, a plus, it's on the west side!	2008-07-21	2	0	2
3zDbbLpm7E0bAGbb7NRAnQ	QPbjoQn2Vty29ZaLOpzwXw	aAnfQmoeM0fu8MYqrXln2w	1	Great for kids haircuts. Terrible for adults. Never going again	2012-06-05	0	0	0
QwvfOON5dncsIkPYSU7g0Q	3fV9sL5LklD9ZSeONKmjkw	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	3	They don't offer Pear cider anymore...Boooooooooooooo Bring back the cider!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	2013-09-06	0	0	0
35ftjLI5swOEBFiy70ZQfg	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	HGc5s4sFuQI_gvvpsKKVow	1	How about that?!? After the cashier assured me that my debit card WOULD NOT BE charged twice, I find that it did in fact get charged twice (posted to my account the next day).  -  - I know registers "time out." I've been there, done that. I work in retail and it has happened so I know for a fact THAT IT WILL CHARGE THAT PERSON TWICE. She didn't offer to call and supervisor or manager, but against my better judgment, I left.  -  - I filed a dispute with my bank and hopefully my money will be returned to me in a timely manner.  -  - Glazier's management: Ensure that your cashiers are properly trained to handle all types of situations - and if they cannot, give them the tools necessary to ensure that customer satisfaction is their top priority. I chose not to call your establishment because I felt that if you didn't care if I shopped in your store, then you wouldn't care if you gave me back my $60. To some $60 is chump change - but I work hard for my money and $60 is what I could use for gas money and food for my family.	2013-05-25	1	2	8
293-UtsIu8Tcc2_1zEotPw	N50HceZf1595UtU867u4uQ	TxkXU6vodgPxr-G9jlHL1w	2	My husband was looking forward to eating here because he's seen Hubert Keller on PBS.  Great atmosphere, service, etc., but disappointing food.  The meal started great with grilled octopus which was stellar but it was downhill from there.  The angus sliders were good but the truffle oil mac n cheese bordered on tasteless.  The meatballs were meh as was the tarte flambee.  Since only one out of 5 items were anything special we didn't even bother with dessert.  Next time we'll try one of other restaurants in the casino.	2013-10-06	0	0	0
hbYMItzWPHh9GG4Wlwje-A	YrIfgzLj0DPStJ1ESAS_Qg	XtvZEjfWV1Ji4eOTXQEYrg	3	Food was yummy but the service was so so. Our appetizer arrived after our entree and having asked about it twice.	2011-05-13	1	1	1
kiW0mciIrjnHcamGEWhBAw	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	BSNMxoul8JiIA4vmo0D6xQ	4	This is the second visit for me at this great buffet.  I came here with family on a Saturday evening for dinner.  No wait at all to pay and be seated.  The food selections are great and always fresh.  I decided to try out the made to order pasta.  I had penne with pesto, spinach, and shrimp and it was delicious.  The crab legs were looking a lean but were still tasty.  Our meals came with half a lobster tail per person but the lobster just tasted so-so.  They have a wide and diverse selection of foods such as Asian, Mediterranean, Pizza, salads, sushi (which was kinda meh), soups, fresh carved meats, and the crab and shrimp.  The prime rib was also excellent.  The creamy horseraddish was a little powerful but good.  And the desserts, oh how I love the desserts here! They have 5-6 different ice cream flavors to choose from.  The orange sherbet was yummy coupled with vanilla ice cream.  I also tried the creme brle, red velvet whoopee pie, strawberry cheesecake, bread pudding, and apple cobbler... All were tasty!  -  - The server was kinda slow and it seemed like our table was covered with our used plates most ofvthe time.  It was pretty busy, so maybe they were short on staff that evening.  My family also really enjoyed themselves and the food here (their first time at Aria).  Highly recommend for tasty and fresh buffet eats =)	2012-03-13	0	0	0
wO2niA3TggRnuaV9U-NLMQ	a4cMKOjdVLTmJNhRl6-17g	1Ld-v_V_xefpVGnpp-R-fQ	4	Favorite thai Restaurant!! Service was amazing! We ordered Chicken Satay, Shrimp Phad Thai, Chicken Curry, Fish Cake and Yang Chow Fried Rice!! Price was pretty reasonable! Too much food in our table that we had to take home some.  -  - Thai iced tea btw was for the win :)  -  - I will definitely recommend lemongrass.	2014-02-18	0	0	1
_jQW5RIeFvKT8ketvyb4Iw	Y2BXS2OOrlMSYfS5xdjtmw	HJn6FCBQnmGGccEsRoOHpg	5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Amazing pastries, deserts, great staff, friendly owner, this place is just awesome! Oh and did I mention they serve amazing food there too? The quiche is TO DIE FOR! And I highly recommend this place if your looking for unpretentious French cuisine that makes you feel like your visiting long lost Parisian relative :)	2013-10-02	0	0	0
siiRHkfJSj7wRiRMv8VVPQ	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	7EYE-xpV5Ldeqt9ZZZAomw	3	I have mixed feelings about this place so that's why it gets a 3. Ordered the Caesar salad which sounded interesting but the apples seemed like an after thought, just a little topping to a mediocre overly dressed pile of lettuce. I got the American burger which was really juicy and delicious and bf got the Hell's Kitchen which he loved. It definitely has a big kick, if you don't like spice you won't like that! Service was super slow but we were watching tennis anyway so no big deal. It's decent and better than eating lunch at a bar where everyone is getting drunk so 3 stars, served its purpose for what we needed.	2013-09-07	0	0	0
Io2ozxdEV0GeZN7qmrn2ng	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	dbBMn237w_qrN8_tBD9xLQ	4	It was quite a hype for everyone so we had to try it out. -  - Place is located in front of Ceasar's and they have a great outdoor seatings covered with a tent, so that's a plus.  -  - We got in line and it was quite long line since there is only one cashier taking orders. Everyone seems to order the frozen hot chocolate but had decided to try out their Frozen Oreo. Though it is quite expensive, $12 for a large order, friends and I just shared an order.  -  - Surprisingly, the frozen oreo was pretty good.	2011-10-30	0	0	1
4hAMutSpy4Jtr498InqviA	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	4_wN0Ri7uPbleV6H7tuf9g	4	Catfish & Grits and Abita beer. Wow! I love red beans and rice but wasn't impressed too much with theirs, it was a little bland. I will try again. The grilled oysters was very good as well.	2013-07-26	0	0	0
zSuiRIBacvw6I_saQJKJMQ	9c_9SX-7hB7HW8KatQbD8g	VZmOxVhTiHUe4K4sJdM7_w	1	greatly pains me to do this, but this one star review is not tied to the food, but the lady that brings the coffee and water...she sat a coffee cup in front of me that was obviously used...it had the sip strip down the side, and drips else where...I called her back and said the cup was dirty..she told me that it wasn't dirty, that she must have bumped it while carrying it to the table...felt the cup, and the coffee stains were definitely dry...called her back again, and she asked if I would like a new cup...YA THINK! ..wow, that really fried me that she would even bring it in the first place, then try and lie her way out of replacing it...imagine the bacteria that could be on that cup, left by the former drinker....other than that the food was good as always, but this is a health hazard, and hope that management staff will cover this important issue with their coffee servers....	2014-02-15	0	0	0
r0FBwqiMFL-C65aimvWv2g	2ceeU8e3nZjaPfGmLwh4kg	hpOOPdG9WNFz-VXId8qU6Q	4	One of the better bars in the area. It's a real gem hidden amoung the big tree's. It reminds me of a place back home called Nye's.  - So if you want to just go hang out with a great mix of people and drink, and hopefully not fall in the pond that's in the back, it's a great place. Summer is usually a better time to go to avoid the young college crowd. Those little guppies don't know how to handle their liquor yet! - The staff there is great. Humorous and if your not a total doushe bag they'll mix you a mean drink. - I wish I could go there more often because it's always a good time when I'm there.  -  - OMG and I had this really good sandwich there once. It was killer!Mmmmm......sandwich.....uuggghhh!!! -  - I wanna go there now!!!! You wanna go there? Let's go!!!!	2008-07-15	1	1	1
URQ3Ii3zo0tNQ2WM7vpdXg	YNQgak-ZLtYJQxlDwN-qIg	dYkvw1NNN9U6_og-txFZ6g	5	I went here for dinner on a Sunday, $34.95 a person and well worth it! - I am a lil' asian girl, but don't let the stature fool you, I ate my money's worth! They have unlimited Alaskan crab legs, and blue crab legs; They had veal; lamb chops; dim sum (which is actually REALLY well made).. Infact everything tasted delightful.  - They don't have a salad bar; they have individually prepared specialty salads in small glass containers. - They have a two-sided dessert area with everything from chocolate mousse, creme brulee, cream puffs, AND crepes they prepare to your liking. - Cost of drinks is included, but you gotta tip the waitress at the end of it all.	2010-08-27	0	0	0
lqO-IkqaTHoqqKmvKL7HEg	UKq38-9aOgEbJojosyS8gQ	pefVcILrG0JCD6YeS37s6Q	2	The owner and his guy are friendly and courteous. I am sure they are great barbers but with the shop being so busy they have never cut my hair the two times I have been there.  -  - I recommend they get a sign in sheet system like my regular barber does who has his shop on Baseline West of Kyrene. Walk in, sign your name and put down if you are willing to wait for a specific barber.  -  - When I was there no one knew who was next and some guy almost got in front of me. The lady barber said they usually leave it up to us (the customers) to decide who is next. I said that after waiting 40 minutes and with patience running low, don't people get into fist fights?  -  - Also it would help if they put a small sign above the mirror with their names for each of the barbers so we can stop calling his friend "the other guy"  -  - I had each of the two ladies cut my hair. Not Barber shop quality each time.  -  - On my last visit I asked that she leave my hair just over an inch long so that it can be styled up. I said that if it's too short it will just do its own thing and not work.  -  - I think she is used to cutting hair too short since most of the clientele appear to be black, who prefer very short hair.  -  - I said one inch not one millimeter!  -  - Well after she was done I checked the length and it was fine up front but the back was waayy too short. I mentioned that it was uneven and she proceeded to tell me that she did not cut anything back there it was already that short to begin with...Really? am I supposed to buy that? I know that there is no way my hair was 2" long in front and 1/2" an inch long when I walked in the place.  -  - I said she would have to make it match.  -  - So now it's too short.  -  - Since I don't want to continue having the girls cut my hair and it appears it's too busy a place for me to actually have a guy (or his guy) cut it I guess I will just have to keep going to my regular guy even though it's in a different town.  -  - The HD TV's are a nice touch and the place is clean and well decorated.	2011-01-03	0	0	0
_KZm4pzOFZRDwWvdfRn-VA	zTCCbg7mGslxACL5KlAPIQ	pRMY4p9ugveNeqTD4qcI8g	3	This is not the best buffet I ever had. But I wasn't in the mood for paying $40 at the Wynn or Bellagio since I'm not a big eater. In contrast Aria buffet cost $27 which I thought had decent food. I enjoyed the snow crab and king crab which obviously tasted frozen. But what do you expect, Las Vegas is not Maine. The fish - halibut and salmon tasted overcooked and dry. I enjoyed the lamb which my friend claimed to taste too gamey for him. My friend also had an under cooked chicken, pink in the center, yuck! - But the desserts were a delicious heaven, so many choices. If only I had more room. I recommend starting with the desserts!	2010-10-25	0	0	0
Qe_JebJq_LXtmDA0bfEuug	4WX-IwJUdEmnSWgEce2S7w	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	Pretty standard as far as Ross stores go, but in a decent area and well kept. The staff was friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked through the door. I typically give Ross locations 3 stars, but because of the location and cleanliness this one gets a 4.	2014-06-18	0	0	0
DzTr8EPxiOfcZv3wQ5X4Kg	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	QhLp-40J2Db_CFsLl44Wgw	5	Awesome spot! From the food to the drinks this place is off the chain! Make sure to see John at the bar.... Best bartender in town! He serves up some of the best cocktails around!	2014-01-27	0	0	0
xDHFaR22bJsjW_0ZdC0wbA	3OB5gQqibKGTzx9R1w7wKQ	lyyS0abxOGtkJ2po3B3BNQ	5	I love that you have the option to build your own juice or smoothie... You can choose up to four ingredients for the standard cup sizes, or add as much as you want (for an additional cost per ingredient). The food is also fantastic.	2013-11-26	0	0	2
l9jyonLpPwdhO73s6_USbw	MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw	dji-3ZSLA33ndPPYT0p7BA	5	We used to have a membership here, and we loved it then. We would bring the kids, and although they don't have a TON of stuff for little ones, it was a very happy medium for us fact-hungry parents. We had passes and would bring friends with us all the time who loved it. -  - We went again, just the two of us, for the Yelp event. And it was amazing. I loved the little hands on exhibit that they had, and the way they have the exhibits set up is just so perfect. We are now DYING to try out the bike ride, cable thing. And the planetarium is just... breathtaking. Loved it. The staff is always great, and they are so knowledgeable! -  - The one downside is that not only are they kinda pricey for the whole family, but then they charge for the extra exhibits on top of it. If me and my little family of 4 wanted to check out everything, it would easily cost us a hundred bucks.  -  - But even with that, the planetarium and staff pull my rating all the way up to 5 stars. You can see the prices online, and it's not geared to very small children. But if you want something specifically for them, try the children's museum. All in all, what a great addition to our blossoming city!	2011-03-07	0	0	1
wy7JPYtTuQVkF8JOhUk7rQ	DO3Gk17RyJVW7zYMCtYPnw	lI6roNRyICm30NNt-by1Xg	5	Just had one of the better meals in recent memory at the Mesa Grill. Started with lobster and octopus cerviche with a main course of the hand rubbed pork tenderloin with sweet potato tamale. Amazing atmosphere and the service was wonderful as well. Excellent in every way. Can't wait to eat here again.	2008-04-16	1	0	0
_qjZmg-hBfufWb3ITowZfw	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	w10nZXNJA0ilMJYv7E5HGA	4	Well, what can I say that hasn't been said in over 2000 reviews? Maybe I'll just echo what's been already said. The food is awesome, portions huge, and atmosphere pretty good. -  - I guess I'll keep it short and sweet.	2014-04-23	0	0	0
SO49CD_vDZV0AFpuUScJ7A	44F_ToZqKYlP1aPY769RNg	JkHm-xBNa8KKNvWH5TKk4Q	2	Salon was very warm. Might have been heat from the windows. Blah. And their selection of polishes of China Glaze and O P I were very limited and what was there was old, half empty and separating. My technician was friendly but did not wear gloves. During the soak, a part from the tub came loose and started rattling (which the technician promptly fixed. The salon was clean but did not have a welcoming feeling. Walls are painted white with a lot of mirrors. Chair message was ok. There are too many better shops to visit. This was ok for a quick pedicure.	2012-09-26	0	0	0
xQVAGXO7HUSyFWiw4NffIA	ASOiJ8MmbBTgK2D1_MQrqg	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	5	I loved this place! -  - First of all, I made reservations about a week in advance and I mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary so they gave us wonderful seats.  We got to sit right in front of the windows with an excellent view of the Bellagio water shows.   -  - The food was excellent.  My fiance ordered their romaine salad and their NY steak... I had their escargot and salmon.  Everything was soooooo good.  And best of all: their chocolate souffle.  OMG.  So freaking wonderful.  Their cocktails: orgasmic.  I loved it! -  - Best of all, we got to meet Mike Tyson who happened to be eating there as well.  No worries guys, I left with both of my ears in tact ;)	2009-10-19	2	1	2
opdCwtQBmnCz648iYxdrPw	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	NjD5OriJnHIyUd_iuGiKrg	1	Go check out Jaleo instead!  The food was terrible, and not really a mix of the 2 cultures, but rather, just serving individual Chinese and Mexican dishes.  The service was not very attentive and very slow.  Won't find me there again.	2011-06-01	1	0	1
Pc-b9YeCVDXFKy7aUqNe_w	iXA8Y2bzvZo8MjALfZxrIg	UzY2tNrpieVzNYbQKB3Qqg	5	i had so much fun here!!!!! i love the margaritaville slot and casino theme. the dealers were so nice and fun, and it's really a party atmosphere and not like a serious gambling spot.  -  - i didnt eat here but they DO have a veggie burger (not sure if it's vegan!) but i have to say the drinks are great and it's a fun place to hang out	2013-08-01	0	0	0
7kwlIpxsiaYMs0cwJjno6w	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	mwc5faIIa44xqQt5aWySNw	3	The nearly hour and a half wait for food (45 min for table and 45 min after getting a table) was well worth it for a good meal to wash away the stupor from the previous night and fill up for the current day of activities.  The portions definitely are big which, if you do have an average appetite, is best for sharing and makes this place super affordable compared to going to a $20 plus buffet. The wife and I shared the bacon and avocado burger, which is a pretty massive burger with two patties spillilng over the sides of the bun.  The patties are pretty thin though, so they are not as juicy if they actually fit on the bun propertly or were just one single patty.  Still, it made it easier to bite into and was still pretty tasty with plenty of thick bacon and crispy fries. We also shared the biscuits and gravy with some others at the table, which the biscuit was really dry, but you didn't notice it much drowned in a peppery, chunky sausage gravy.  Definitely worth searching through the depths of the Imperial Palace.	2011-04-11	0	0	0
vn_G6aCPMsF9qjPKszd55w	uKSX1n1RoAzGq4bV8GPHVg	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	3	Don't blink.  You could miss it.  My dinner guest did.  Camelback and Central.  East of Central on the south side of Camelback.  East of the Bank of America.  Across the street from Sweet Tomatoes.  Got it now?   The building is subtle.  That's why my friend didn't recognize it as a restaurant.  The walk up to the entrance is special.  To your left you will see the bar with one side of it outside and the other of course inside for those rainy Phoenix days.  I am going to take advantage of that outside bar seating this fall.  To the right as you approach the entrance is a glass cube with a table setting on the inside.  The atrium table ended up being were we sat.  It was great.  I could watch the commute go by.  It made for airy atmosphere.  I felt warm and cozy both times I have been there.  Good lighting, wood with suspension cables, nice place settings and furniture.  Very modern with hints of retro.  The fence... -  - Lets talk menu.  It is small.  We were explained to that the menu would be expanding.  The second time I went to St. Francis the waitress was much better.  More informed.  My guests tried to stump her with ingredient questions and she was on the ball.  She used the word FRESH quite a bit and of course the food was fresh.  At St. Francis I have had the chicken and the sea bass.  The chicken won in my book.  I haven't been impressed with their wines.  The Pinot Noir was weird and the Cabernet was meh...  I have tried the almond margarita.  Yum.  Oh and the dessert I had.  Not so much.  Meringue bits with ice creme and figs splatted together.  Not attractive.  The ice cream and the figs were good though. -  - I am interested to see where St. Francis goes with its menu.	2009-09-26	2	2	3
Y9aihSjuio5NC0XS_UWXhQ	naLrErBuJr9IWd6_rv6-XQ	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	5	one word. WOW - decor of this place is so awesome. so modern and chic. prepare to dress well, or you will feel naked amongst your peers. - service is impeccable. - they roll out a steak cart (to show different cuts) and have different types of complimentary bread. - cheese bread is A++ - anyways, I ordered the NY strip steak 14 ounces. omg, best steak i have ever eaten. perfectly cooked and so delicious. i mean it was $59 bucks... but well worth it. - prepare to spend $100/head for dinner here.	2011-10-20	0	0	0
sPXS6MPpQ_pXtCapu1urxg	wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	dHlNnMw5wAeH_lWWtxJGuQ	5	I have enjoyed OHSO several times. Love the food and the drinks. Love that it's right off the canal and is bike and dog friendly. However, what I really want to review is their event planning. They are the only place in town who would work with me when planning an event for 50-80 people in which they did not require a deposit or that we spend a specific amount per hour, and did not require us to buy off a specific menu. They did separate checks for EVERYONE! The staff was friendly and attentive to work with before and during the event. Their staff followed up with me all the way up until the event. They allowed us to take over a substantial portion of their patio, they were friendly, had staff working specifically with our tables, and had super speedy service. I highly recommend them!!! Our party goers only had glowing reviews!! Based on this experience, I am happy to give them my business and recommend them to everyone!	2013-12-14	0	0	0
Rn2SCv6b3ibDV6C3FQzPwg	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	Q-CpIWCG_VYN-tl47crPNw	3	I would give this place 3 1/2 stars if I could. The food is pretty good and it is an experience to eat there, because the menu has some imaginative items. My last meal there was their corned beef and it was served with caramelized onions that were cooler than room temperature. It is a little thing, but it made the sandwich less appetizing. They have great coffee and breakfasts. They could just work a little on their execution.	2013-12-28	0	0	0
RYVxwS75qYLxPISP3sbldg	P3DbF086gy6yMYIgTdR9yg	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	3	This is my first time in a @BigLots, which is similar to a @99centsstores. -  - They have a nice selection of things, and the prices for many items is low. -  - We only bought a few things, but now that I know what they have to offer, I'll certainly be back.	2011-02-27	2	1	1
b2mvIS5kWEQpOTHmbCtP-w	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	3	The past few visits here hasn't been up to par.  Ordered the waffle sandwich and the gravy was too thick.. the pastries have that 'pastries that didnt sell day before'  look about them. The place that is usually busy and packed have been virtually a ghost town  both mornings and afternoon. It's really sad. -  - They have the best tasting Kale salad but lately they don't have this or that and they're making substitution for one thing or another.  Im fine with it. Popped in today for my salad guess what they're out of Kale!  Seriously? They really need to keep better track of their inventory.	2013-11-05	5	5	10
xKK0OVi_DEGUBe0jinUrUw	Z6aaze-cgaYKKXlpuH9LqA	jR_zE_9TEcY4_vrTeKNXlA	5	Who writes a review for a grocery store? ME. I don't live in Las Vegas but I visit often and stay right around the corner from Glazier's. I LOVE IT. I would rather come here than go out to eat. Their salad bar is amazing and always fresh and crisp. Their produce selection is phenomenal and decently priced. They have the cheapest food I have ever seen. Granted, I live in a very small town with few options, so I could be exaggerating the awesomeness. But if I lived here I would regularly shop here and eat here!	2011-07-01	0	0	0
v4F-OqYYMZBqnasJJtxdBA	rNahhyqDlouyDMHh57p3ug	GWyXXqszbP8WiJDsPwKnlQ	3	I'd give this place a higher rating, but I have to say that my waiter was probably the biggest douchebag ever who had no serving nor social skills, plus a lack education of the food he was serving that ruined it for me.  -  - anyway, so i went here with one of my colleagues just because i felt like italian and i definitely wanted to try a mario batali restaurant. so we walk in and everything is cool, the hostess was super nice and we were seated promptly.  -  - so douchebag takes over and he's ok and all at first but for some reason i get this look from him like he thinks i don't know anything and he's real nice to my male colleague like "i'm going to kiss your ass because you're going to be tipping me" kinda thing. little does he know that i'm the one footing the bill and he's treating me like i'm the ditzy little date....asshole.  -  - as for the food, we started off with a wonderful caprese salad with fresh imported bufala mozzarella from italy. man, that stuff was good. very silky and creamy texture. it was light, but it was so rich at the same time. it was amazing. -  - for the second course i had the spaghettini with roasted garlic and lobster. the pasta was perfectly al dente and they certainly did not skimp on the lobster! it was a whole pound of it on my plate! i love lobster. lobster is my friend! -  - anyway, back to douchebag...so as we were eating, he seemed to be gravitating more towards my colleague than me which is not cool. he would give me these looks and while i was trying to be polite, the bitch in me started becoming more apparent. my colleague was like..."i actually think he likes you and is just giving you a hard time on purpose..." well, giving me condescending looks and comments isn't quite the great way to subtly hit on me... -  - so we decide to skip dessert and douchebag acts like we're making the biggest mistake of our lives. i'm sure the desserts are awesome,  but whatever. -  - and then the bill comes. douchebag hands it over to my colleague who then hands it over to me. i look at douchebag and say to him right as i get the bill..."someone should have been a little nicer and more knowledgeable..." and then he starts to kiss my ass. too late. small tip for you. i hope mario sticks a croc up your ass if he ever reads this review....let's see, the server's name was Mike M.	2007-09-08	0	3	3
BqLQoMWv56REURoU_M1Dhg	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	hMKVWYZJX0PEonqpyNfEXQ	4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas!  -  - The boyfriend and I love going to this buffet! I love the crablegs and the cocktail shrimps. Those are pretty much the only things I eat there! The boyfriend eats the rest of the variety lol. -  - There are a lot of different varieties of food here! From the seafood, to the asian food, to the prime ribs, to the pizza! Everything I tried here is pretty good! -  - The dessert bar is deee-lish-ousss! I loved the madeleines, the flan, the crepes, everything! Unfortunately, I didnt have room for gelatto, but I will try that next time.  -  - I love how beer and wine is included in the price! Ordered a cider and it was very tasty! I asked whats the closest thing to moscato and this is what the lady recommended. Pretty good chouce if you ask me! -  - The line can get really long, but luckily for me, I've never really had to wait the 1-2 hours some people have talked about. I would estimate that my wait time this weekend was about 20-30 minutes around 2pm. -  - Will definitely be going back to this buffet again next time I'm in town. This is usually always our last stop as its on the way home.	2010-10-18	0	0	0
Uz-KbDauTzkozcPibkMVtQ	jJi6f7xjkdDmiKnpJpd3KA	LucUEJpcY6_r1N9VZEUSIg	4	Good selection of almost all hardware things you can think of. I buy all of my spring flowers and plants at their greenhouse section of the left side of the store.  They have many plants and trees to choose from.	2014-04-21	0	0	0
aNKHuSV9O9GHYH0Ve7ty5w	jtTG8I_Iu-4QMlZXpdc9Fg	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	We have tried out a few locations for Massage Envy in the Phoenix area and thus far this is our favorite one.  Locations here seem to have some major differences from the Orlando locations: i.e. seating areas in Orlando were Tranquility Rooms that had a private seating area with mini water fountains and soft music, and booking an appointment can almost always be made the same day here, while in Orlando you normally have to book no less than a week in advance to hope for an appointment time. -  - The masseuses we have had here have almost all been excellent, give or take one or two that just simply weren't our "style" and not bad by any means.  The front desk staff is always helpful over the phone and upon arrival / departure.   -  - Side note: Check into this location to get a free sugar foot scrub upgrade! -  - Overall: A- - We are members, so of course we will be back!	2013-10-04	0	0	0
HtXXwTBtkdiPCtFREdEi2g	npfVfumxVAkQNYpY1fSvew	f-rNAfg27IqcG66l-Rk5aA	5	If you are low on funds but want to go out to eat, this is definitely the place to go. The food is cooked to order and is served nice and hot. The chicken tenders are very tasty, the fries are seasoned well and the milkshakes are.......sinfully delicious! Do not come here if you're dieting cause you'll fall off the wagon. But your taste buds will Thank you....insert smiley face here.	2014-06-23	0	1	0
Z7UbIAzaN5DFzJrLyUW2cA	G1F5EEUXOwjvUmgnnOgyCw	n4OR3DVPPMbJDlsPK3xjaA	5	My 5 year old twins' very first dentist's visit today. It was awesome!  - They were still finishing up the new office decorations etc. (they just relocated) so kids didn't get to enjoy the fun "spaceship" experience in the waiting area today but it's going to be a cool place for the little ones.  - The office staff, hygienist, and Dr. Bienstock were all super nice. They gave us some great tips and suggestions for their dental care, possible future treatments and etc. etc. - My kids had their exams, x-rays and cleaning done so smoothly & easily. Each of them got their "goodies" in a bag, a balloon, and a token for the toy machine inside the office. - Great dentist's office for any kids. Highly recommended.	2013-10-01	0	0	0
5i41xyhQR2Csd1XUnnlLGQ	sIyHTizqAiGu12XMLX3N3g	Mu_zyyQ36oEoQg4AT-yFUg	3	The decor and ambiance is upscale however overall the buffet was mediocre.  -  - The selection is mostly carbs. I went on Sunday for brunch. At $50 per person after tax, this buffet was not worth it for those who don't drink. One perk that I did like is that the king crab legs were cut in half.  -  - I had high expectations based off the numerous reviews and 4 star rating. No point in getting a Total Rewards card, you'll save a whopping $1.	2014-06-24	1	1	3
7llLMfIDuZBpmR1F6j-Tug	BNhnxtafzFg5D3aVBxz7jA	-iMhSl5jV5GL7Lv7sFez0w	5	I can't think of a better dentist in AZ.  Dr. Woodland's office reminds me of the traditional dentist offices I'm used to back east where I grew up, not the dentist offices you find in strip malls that seem to be all about overcharging patients.  The hygienists are wonderful.  They have been doing their jobs for years.  I've have referred a couple friends to Dr. Woodland and I started going here since 2000 when a friend referred me. You can't go wrong with Dr. Woodland and his staff!	2014-01-16	0	0	1
2kQFJMqoUDvH1haFCCNnyg	UIhFRsZoPTWY38njcKKWiw	eMWZ2mRO1dP3sdr9jYrwXw	4	Every time my husband tries to get me into an electronic store I immediately get nauseous and try to get out of it. We don't have Fry's in Hawaii so I hesitantly dragged myself into this store. I have been here before but I don't remember it and I normally block out electronic stores in my mind. -  - Anyway, this place is huge. I walk in and think of something I need. Hmm...I need a reading light for my Kindle so I don't make my husband suffer as he tries to sleep. I have to say they have so many unnecessary but entertaining things to buy. The inner geek in me started looking at the toys and gadgets and all the other electronics, exercise equipment, and other odd things you would normally not find in an electronic store. I actually had an entertaining time in there and had to remind my husband of his nonexistent time limit. Husband was happy, I was happy, we are all happy. Fry's made a break through. It's the only electronic store I can bear with a time limit.	2011-10-18	1	0	1
gzdrHFHkaXIoxSKlCCnTog	7q1FpSXbE6XtLNg518pxDA	X-b0du6ivnH6x9zuvSxoYg	4	I like to come here to eat during the weekday during the middle of the day . I was introduced to this place first by an old boss who would be there almost everyday since his office was near by. The nice thing about this place is everyone's happy. You can bring your friends here grab lunch while watching a game and once your done go shop. The great thing is that they do have a Gluten Free menu. It isn't much, but its great that their are options. I wish they would get Gluten Free buns for burgers, but maybe in time they will. The managers are great! All of them! And Tony the General Manager is the nicest guy, very helpful too. Nice place to check out especially if you're into sports.	2013-04-13	0	0	0
_Y1hEUBGhmMRw2hecef9Ig	nZgYNbl1XlZyyKlISMoG6w	4Gjrgg9Sq_mXO7aZq2JobQ	3	Had lunch here earlier today. Say at the bar area. Server/bartender @first seemed a bit rude or not really providing customer service. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip for an appetizer. That was excellent. My husband ordered the club sandwich and I ordered the classic burger. Food was really good. But also you really can't go wrong with a burger n sandwich. Overall rating was because of the lack in service.	2013-12-22	0	0	0
MsYzapdl_8EFb1SYLJ4TtA	RP9-bcbJJmnWBU2GyijxsA	5GHhHJsNWQ4BFC-UHOaFZg	5	I have rehabbed many injuries with Tim and his staff and they are incredible! Cant say enough about how much they care and tend to all your needs.  I have been to both locations and both are top notch!  Ultimately the patient determines the pace of recovery by how hard they want to work at the clinic and at home.  The entire staff will be there to push you and get you back to normal in no time!  5 Stars!	2013-08-01	0	0	1
did4eD_qN9IcVyEMOB1bKg	SHOF1J3_V1z_HjsXqnIxqA	9Z05mtXrXJ-22PElwp1ahA	5	For migraine sufferers: I can't recommend Dr. Hetrick and staff highly enough. They are thorough, creative, and effective. -  - I've had completely debilitating cluster headaches since I was 17. After years of useless consultations with headache specialists in New York and L.A., Foothills Neurology put together a treatment program to contain the problem. I've been going strong for nearly 10 years. -  - I hope nobody needs this review, but this a great professional practice and an asset to the Valley.	2008-07-11	2	0	8
q-NJbU9HsG1CeXWE9M2SVw	FURgKkRFtMK5yKbjYZVVwA	QDYycbzKLF0Sd6jgf0wDRQ	3	I was so excited to try this place out!  It's always busy when I drive by, and seems like the cool new place to be at.  However, I was somewhat disappointed with the menu options.  I didn't get much time to check out the outside area, but it looks like a great patio to enjoy some drinks once the weather cools down.  It's definitely a hipster scene, and they nailed it with the neighborhood bar atmosphere.  After being seated, I attempted to read the menu.  I'm all about mood lighting, but it was a tad TOO dark in here.  As I struggled to read the menu in the dim lighting I looked up, and happened to notice two other customers who had whipped out their cell phones to use as flashlights in an effort to see the menu.  As I skimmed through the menu I quickly realized mine and my boyfriend's menu options were VERY limited.  *Quick Tip* If you don't eat pork, your menu options are limited by close to half!   They do serve a Veggie Stack sandwich, but that just didn't fit my mood that day.  I've never ordered a salad as a main dish, but settled on the Country Vegetable Chop with an extra boiled egg and my boyfriend ordered the Backyard Burger (Windsor Style).  I'll admit, my salad was pretty tasty.  I loved the addition of crispy okra on top of the salad, served with the perfect amount of ranch dressing.  The Backyard Burger's carmelized onions make the burger, and pairs well with the garlic aioli.  I was tempted to get an order of the mac and cheese after I saw it at the table next to me, but decided I would save this for another trip in an effort to give this place another try, maybe with the Veggie Stack as my main dish.  Also, the waiter recommended a side of ranch with the fried okra, and I have to agree it was pretty tasty this way, especially for a saucy girl like myself.  I love dipping sauces!  With a very attentive waiter on a busy Saturday night service was great.  Don't forget to head towards the unisex restrooms and sneak a peek at the wall made of cassette tapes!  I'll wait to try this place again once the weather cools off so I can enjoy the outside seating!	2011-09-09	1	0	1
d_YeU7gjxdInp5BIled5LA	M-vOSYnyuaE2TsFJF0uMbQ	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	2	Just left Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ in Henderson and let me say the food and service was seriously lacking.  We came for a "late" dinner around 8:30pm and all the servers either seemed too busy trying to clean for the restaurant closing (which wasn't until 10pm) or never returned with anything we asked for.  There were times where we asked two different servers about something we had ordered and neither remembered to bring it. Terrible!  Also we noticed after sitting there for a while and observing other patrons munching on biscuits, that our waiter didn't even bring us any and when we asked about it he didn't apologize or anything. -  - As far as the food goes, I've had meals at Jack in the Box and Wendy's with more flavor.  I ordered the the appetizer sampler and everything (minus the onion strings) was very bland and all our their sauces were a miss.  The three signature bbq sauces were not that good (one was waaaaay too sweet, the other was too peppery, and the third was tolerable).  I was also disappointed in the cuts of meat that I got too.  There was too much fat and not enough tender rib meat. -  - I'm not sure if they were having an off night here or what, but between the service (or lack thereof) that we received and the lack of even ONE good quality bbq sauce, I don't think I will be returning.  For bbq, I'm just going to stick with Famous Dave's.	2011-02-23	1	0	2
TKlF8UoFb43Jj31W4xmXOw	LJLHQgMIeDhzqzleWOSmqg	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	update: Just read this am that they plan to allow two-way traffic and city council approved the additonal 46 angled parking spaces where the walkway is now. Also a two one-way, 'out-only' road with access to the parking lot on the north side will open up. They still plan to hold the events there and close the roadway for special events.  Hopefully it works out to bring business in but so much for being pedestrian friendly.	2013-02-06	1	0	3
9tqjgurih3kWVUwuKvVWrg	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	What is there left to say when 653 other Yelpers have already spilled the beans about the Earl of Sandwich? There was only one thing left to do which was to see what the hype was all about myself.  -  - The place is located inside the Planet Hollywood across from the sports book. It's open 24/7 for all you lovely belligerent and drunk, 5 inch heels in hand meaning blackened Hobbit feet, crusted yack on chin folks. The Earl just might be your savior. -  - For a measly $5-6, you can get a nice, freshly made and toasted sandwich. There are many options to choose from such as the classic club to the Hawaiian bbq. Of course there are other items on the menu like their rich tomato soup (I recommend the croutons on the side), salads, wraps, and so forth.  -  - The word about the Earl of Sandwich is out so don't go bezerk if you see a pessimistic long line. Their efficient staff will keep the lines steadily moving and it shouldn't take too long for the orders to be called. The only downfall is possibly the seating for it may fill up quickly. -  - On our most recent trip to Sin City, we stopped by Earl's twice due to the fact that we stayed at PH and so it was always a short walk away. On a random note, I would like to state that for some odd reason I enjoyed the sandwiches from Earl the next morning after it was left out over night more than straight out of the oven. Perhaps it was the hangover munchies? -  - Give the Earl a hollar if you're ever in the (702) area code.	2011-01-23	0	1	0
welO1DTa4ofXDT5RcdI79Q	BqrTtox0JbG-P_DKBB5bBw	FRAD3bSkZjdJF8KdyhdtIw	4	This swanky burger joint is located right across the nightclub Marquee's entrance inside the Cosmopolitan hotel. From the artwork on the wall that reminds me of oldskool 90's taggers to the loud hip music blaring through the speakers, Holstein 's is hard to miss. We made it there around 7:30pm on a Saturday night and the wait was no more than 20 minutes for our party of four. When your pager starts buzzing and you report to the host at the door, you're ushered to the next host in the middle of place, which that person will walk you over to your table. The place is vibrant, loud, and hip. Just like in a NYC subway train, you have everything from skirts to suits to shorts & flip flops occupying this restaurant. -   - Many items on the menu sound appealing including their numerous $11 alcoholic shakes. We ordered the Frozen Grasshopper: peppermint, chocolate, crme de menthe, Van Gogh chocolate vodka. If you love them little minty & crunchy chocolate balls, then this shake is right up your alley. There's plenty of it, a bit overwhelming actually but some people like it that way. That distinct alcohol taste is barely noticed. We also got the Oreo with Bailey's Irish Cream. This is what I considered a "safe" shake to order. If you enjoy Oreos (who doesn't?) then this is a solid route to go. Again, the taste of alcohol isn't really prevalent. Warning, if you have issues with dairy then you may want to stay away from the shakes here. I really don't but it did activate.... uhh nevermind. -   - Seems like The Rising Sun $17 is quite popular from many of the reviews and sure enough someone on our table ordered it. Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake not to be mistaken by bukake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, and tempura avocado. Seriously, what is there not to like about that set up? If it was truly an Asian inspired burger, then a fried egg would finish the job. You can add it though for a buck more. I was a little sad that I didn't order this burger for myself but my buddy was kind enough to give me a slice of heaven. -   - I ended up with The Steakhouse Burger $17.5: beef patty crusted with black pepper, Holstein's creamy steak sauce, marmalade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms, swiss cheese. Oh you fancy huh? Because it sure did sound fancy. Although the burger was good, my mind was set on The Rising Sun as the unanimous winner this night. The pepper was probably what I remember most about this burger. I did finish it but I most likely wouldn't care to order it again. -   - The Maine Lobster Roll $16.5: fresh cooked lobster tossed in chive aioli in a grilled mini hot dog bun with cole slaw. The price is steep, the portion is crazy bite sized, but the taste landed a Mike Tyson uppercut. Why oh why do you tease us like that Holstein 's? Gimme more! -   - The Steak Cut Fries and the Sweet Potato Fries were decent but can be better. -   - Overall, Holstein 's should be visited at least once and from there you can determine if you want to be a regular. The meal was quite enjoyable but I'm not sure if it left an uber lasting effect on my appetite glands. I can probably live with or without it. For sure, give it a shot. On Fridays, Saturdays, and Mondays, they are opened beyond their normal hours, midnight to 2am. However, their full menu isn't available but rather a separate and shorter late night menu. Check out the art work on the walls, I want one for my place!	2012-08-01	3	3	4
rZKVpXq3vORCq1-s9tSMcg	VbI_ryrGPdNRaDrYRJGMiA	xILtLiNFntJ68NZ0YcGM0w	4	So I've won a bet recently with my boyfriend and I wanted to go get dessert somewhere we have never been. I was doing my research and came across the reviews and the eye catching pictures that were posted by other Yelpers and thought this place would be best.  -  - Walking into the Crepe Shack & Waffles already confirmed that I had chosen the right place. The smell of waffles and crepes being made in front of you was heavenly and sweet! The interior is also colorful, clean, and inviting. What made things even better was the option to come up with your own combination of ice cream, toppings, and syrup choice. Since it was my first time coming I went with the classic on a crepe cone, which came with banana, almonds, and nutella with my choice of vanilla ice cream. My boyfriend on the other hand had the strawberry sensation: strawberries, cheesecake bites, and strawberry syrup.  -  - It was no surprise to us that the crepe cones were delicious hearing all the good things about this place, but the one thing we didn't care for was that they separated the ice cream from all the toppings. We thought it would have been much better to have our ice cream together with our syrup and toppings. It was like one side had ice cream and the other side nuts and nutella. Also the crepes tasted a bit bland. There was no flavor or sweetness of its own. We felt like this was something we could make at home.Other than that this place is good. I'm definitely coming back to try their cookie ice cream sandwich.	2014-07-06	1	1	3
NTMqIlf9AQg3rjjJTIkoQg	KjBAUYy7m4vhSoFIrz2WjQ	AF1xoSV-ZPwJ92CPQkTwdA	5	One of the best places on earth!	2012-04-13	0	0	0
J61ifuCt6RKCCZOJGE2H6g	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	UbDDDUdG5VkHJqBPQ01YAA	1	This was the worst service and hostess I have encountered. Sadly I really like to eat there, but their employees are very rude. The cubby lady who I assume is an owner or their daughter since she is about 40 years old, was so extremely rude. We put in a reservation. Checked in and told them we were all there and that ppl were parking their cars and walking over. In less than 5 min they gave away our table when we were still on time/early and told us we would need to wait another 15 min. Then she proceeded to tell me later that there was no room at the table they were going to set up go my baby and my stroller! They give us a sling after we made an issue out her response, and the sling for the infant carseat was as big as my stroller! And guess what it fit just fine at the table. Also there are no baby changing tables in their restrooms so I had to make my daughter stand while I tried to change her diaper. The service was poor, slow, and we had to ask multiple times for items. We got served our food well after multiple tables that were seated after us. Everyone working acted like they had some stank attitude and I will not be going back for a while! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE for a large party!	2013-01-27	0	0	1
k7jXRYZfQiQfXpZHZBU2yQ	DxUn-ukNL27GOuwjnFGFKA	19BunjXk7zhd811rF42U7w	2	I'm very sorry fellow yelpers, but the yelp rating on thie place has left  me in quite a quandry.  After moving to the east side of the valley, hubby and I were looking for a new "neighborhood sushi" that was closer than Glendale.  On the positive side,  this place is authentically Japanese.  The sushi selection was just OK on the night that we went.  The fish:rice ratio was right on.  The rolls were not over-stuffed with rice either.  They have a very good selection of sake and authentic appetizers. -  - More importantly the selections ranged quite a bit in freshness and quality.  Some of the more expensive nigiri pieces were very good, but the $2.95 nigiri menu items were awful such as the eel and the ebi.     In my book, selling old and bad fish is inexcusable at any cost.  Unfortunately, our search for the neighborhood sushi restaurant continues.	2009-11-02	1	0	2
zb6mmOrVfa8QrM7dDn3oyg	H_SuH7uLiYahDMbNBB9kog	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	5	It's the last week for the PBBBLT!  The special is  for the month of October only, but I think they should continue to serve it after this month!  -  - This is the take off of the BLT BUT with the addition Pork Belly (the PB) & (B) Bulgogi. This yummy creation is sandwiched between toasted white bread with lettuce and tomato. Just like your traditional BLT. The Komex twist adds a Sriracha mayo on the side. Oh yeah!  -  - Portion wise, pretty generous serving of their delish Bulgogi and thick fatty pieces of Pork Belly for sure! It was a challenge to eat it without the meat fillins falling out. I eventually ate it up with my fork and used the Sriracha mayo as a dipping sauce. Either way, this dish is too good to miss. Better get there before it's gone. It's not on the menu, but written on the white board as their feature item.	2013-10-30	4	3	5
Ooe_tO2xpCvjw6w7VoZeNA	LcAamvosJu0bcPgEVF-9sQ	YiuCu8bWN3moIhhhfvp0CA	4	So happy that DryBar opened a Central Phoenix location! Fun atmosphere, great customer service and high quality blowouts...pretty much an exact replica of the North Scottsdale location but at a much more convenient location for me. -  - Took my sister-in-law here for a birthday treat. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and they accommodated our request to sit next to each other as we enjoyed our blowouts and mimosas. Great idea and great brand. Will definitely be back again for a special occasion 'do.	2012-11-18	1	0	1
5uRr4VpoLL5QbByC7dfsAg	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	Delicious Delicious Delicious -  - LoLo's will satisfy your craving for southern cooking for the change in your pocket. The option to have all white meat is there although when you come to a place like LoLo's go all the way. The staff is nice and welcoming. Tip Tip Tip the wait staff some of them wait on a lil stool outside in the heat to greet people -  - #5 is what I ordered and it was great!	2009-08-30	3	1	1
6kt29z_EtXuYGex9ugeplw	Xsp9Dy4PQgAssCVk2-f73w	Kzs2GqtXGE01BJ8y52nLNA	5	best lee's sandwiches i have ever been to in my life!!	2011-03-31	0	1	0
EwBkttvhVySeYPYEaRJVTg	yLzlhJ0Yi1MvFwAjtcXVfw	F_Dyb5EW1nhQuTffTOl1WA	1	We too have had problems that are yet unresolved.  I purcahsed the light at the Rocky Mountain Dental Convention in January and have been contacting them by email, phone messages and direct line to the slaes person regarding the battery not holding a charge.  I noticed a "convention special battery package" in the review referencing a California convention; that was not offered at the RMDC, so I only have the one battery.  I do not have one reply from my many attempts to contact the Snap On Optics company.  No email response or calls from Customer Support nor email or call from the sales person (Mike Dao).  I am now proceeding with contacting some of our dental conventions to let them know of the poor customer service this company provides.	2013-06-25	0	0	1
nAfpYHEiB3I8qZ63dPRuug	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	q6dO47biiFA1trnplhakyQ	4	The main reason to come here is the cornbread, which is simply the best you'll find anywhere. Outside of that, the fare is very average. My baby back ribs were too stringy and didn't have enough meat on them andThe cook tried to compensate by over saucing them with a tangy sticky non spicy sauce.  The beans were good but the gumbo was utter crap! The service was nothing special either. Only come here if you're desperate for cornbread.	2011-01-08	0	0	0
cgGdDwRjT8fdcYVdph5zDA	xY1sPHTA2RGVFlh5tZhs9g	r7V9Nhes-Eg-lH0cqfpFFw	4	CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued.  -  - I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.   -  - The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant. -  - Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.   -  - Seacrest out.	2011-01-19	0	4	3
oW65Rl_zBBl94aejQIOOMg	tFU2Js_nbIZOrnKfYJYBBg	LAOPwSOmjWOiQNA8orJvvQ	4	Go here, only to compare to the original Bouchon in Yountville: -  - Food - 4.5 stars - Service - 4 stars - Performace/Cost - 4.5 stars -  - We picked Bouchon as our post-theatre dining venue since it was located at the Venetian and that's where our show was.  The restaurant gave an initial impression of a typical bistro, what you'd typically see alongside the streets of Paris.  We got there about 20 minutes earlier than our reservation so we made ourselves comfortable at the bar.  The bartenders looked actually a bit unorganized but whatever.  As we got our cocktails our table was just getting ready.   -  - We were seated at the table with a beautiful view of the Venetian gardens.  We started the evening with an assortment of fresh seafood - some lobsters, prawns, oysters, and clams...delicious all the way.   -  - Just as the waiter cracked open our bottle or Reynolds Pinot Noir, we got our dishes, we ordered a dish of the boudin blanc with warm prunes and mashed potatoes, beef wellington on top of a bed of white bean cassoulet, and the classic moules/frites dish.  All three were delicious, but I'd have to say that the beef wellington that my friend ordered was out of this world.  The meat was tender and matched perfectly with the white cassoulet. -  - The desserts were also delicious, the creme brullee was a bit cold for my taste and the coconut dessert was good,.  The real winner was the beignets with the berry filling with the chocolate ice cream.  I died and went to the doughnut heaven at that moment. -  - I'm VERY looking forward to keeping my hopes up to finally getting a reservation at the French Laundry after this pleasant introduction to Thomas Keller's culinary point of view at Bouchon. -  - Shying away from giving 5 - the bartender kinda turned me off and the waiter was a bit aloof, although he became increasingly courteous...he was about to kiss our shoes by the end...haha.	2009-05-13	0	0	0
sIRx-vS-z0U6S9zNOBIWxg	J6ZcTaL_4XaC7SwV1w9IOg	zfLNfCXeloQxoZ-dgA2pqw	5	I've known Dr. Lokey for sometime as a business associate.  It is clear that she knows what she is talking about and cares about her patients.  If you have kids, they will receive great care from Dr. Lokey!	2013-08-27	1	0	0
0Gq5xqN0jgqqltmae6WJKg	tI3J5jomrBs--n7r92186g	2q_SRCDwwY8LOv76iFZb0g	4	cheap and good...	2011-11-03	0	0	0
eq3OB77qaHjZTj0y_onnUg	JokKtdXU7zXHcr20Lrk29A	6ws6UtB_Co8ruJHwvc5xtQ	1	Horrible customer service. Such a shame too, since it's normally a good place to goto.	2013-12-26	0	0	0
zGsGjkp8rrKtjZW9rli2Xg	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	SDRiAqrX7gV8w6ma5r7aZQ	5	The best burger I ever entertained in my mouth was here in Vegas. I loved my burger. I created it and I soooo loved everything about it. I ordered a ciabatta bun with a Angus steak burger, fried egg, bacon and had the chipotle aioli dip for my fries. Dayuuum. Need I say more??? -  - The egg's yolk just bled into my ciabatta bun, making it ever more delicious. I love egg yollk. I love Burger Bar. I love bacon. I love everything. Just not the calories.	2013-11-15	1	1	1
x2j-fYaELCi1Ih-vaw9LEw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	91e8Cg7Vqj7G5XEXK3uaYA	5	Definitely one of my favorites on the Strip! I've been here several times and it has never disappointed! The food here is wonderful as well as the service.  Their steaks are fabulous, as well as their seafood.   -  - Worth a visit if you've never been!	2006-05-17	0	0	0
v3ZRCy_C8bntCYK-MRLtLw	8zL3V6rmFKBess3bxPLAoQ	7eWIkwddjQsdkqhiQzCjDQ	2	Definitely not craving this place again.... -  - Staying at the mirage and on a time schedule, this seemed to be our closest option for our breakfast choice this early Saturday morning. -  - The place is aesthetically pleasing and appeared to be clean and well kept. -  -  Arrangement of food was organized to aesthetically pleasing visual as well, making the majority of the food items appear quite appetizing, except for a few beat up egg benedicts. -  - Unfortunalty looks can be deceiving, which apparently it was for the most case with most of the breakfast Items I tried. -  - I made my first and last round starting at the omelet station. The guy behind the counter took some time to make the omelet, did it a little carelessly however; it ended up being the only decent tasting item I tried. -  - Most of the sausage links and patties I tried tasted as if it was picked from the bottom of the barrel. I tried some cheesy potatoes like casserole thing that looked better than it tasted. -  - The dessert items did not look appealing enough to try though,I had a bowl of some oatmeal, fruity dish with milk that was semi sweet and extremely tasty. -  - The service was nice and the place appeared to be well kept however the food has not enticed me enough to want to give them another shot.	2011-04-10	6	4	8
bH4JdRL90gpTaZK2zYqaKg	AumuGuTg3HqvtwbLPi-ZCg	3tDApCNi4PyQMJQgRR3Ncg	4	This place is great! Great selection and variety.i particularly like the choice of heat from 1-10. I get so tired of telling them to make it hot, and its not, or its way too hot. Their system makes it consistent. Portions are more than enough for one and almost enough for two...add one of the 3 types of rice and its perfect to share. What I like most is its proximity to The Strip and convention center, without all the tourists.	2013-03-10	0	0	0
TH9-XwELI0nbCiWcLK75bA	1yx2zLskVTe5WQdYjL2Apw	fQd0MUECj1uMLYwUPRqJdw	4	Hearty breakfast where locals go. It's got a country-side vibe. Relatively cheap and large portions. Service was really quick, in and out in 30 mins. Great place to go if you're in Vegas and on a budget or if you don't wanna wait 1.5 hours for a trendy brunch place. -  - Recommend: omelettes are okay, get a skillet. Crappy OJ is $3.25!	2014-05-30	0	0	1
YHY1w-UFze5ML-nxD3FNDA	WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	w4dgIzMwwZvKsHaC47Ox3A	5	Strongbow! Strongbow! Strongbow! Enough said... -  - Well not really. I would like to thank the Managers at The Vig Uptown for allowing the Phoenix Social Club to ram pack the Sunday Funday last month. The wait staff was more then welcoming. When some of the tables were moved by the attendies the wait staff worked around it to make the event peaceful. -  - The specials that were offered the day of the Social Club event were appreciated.	2011-03-22	0	1	0
B6tH9z_XVG9pN5K6pwlBJQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	_I3v476yxuQOdXpaNS4eJA	5	Oh my god amazing! -  - Such a great find in Vegas.  Delicious cheap food, there for you whenever you could possibly be hungry. -  - The tomato soup is incredible. -  - I will be here often during all of my future Vegas trips.	2012-07-02	0	0	1
CAKVj4P6Lhcz5-bfNfvLIg	2A3y7QOidAu1Mm_DeFSDjg	IUYeHYyYAcL6SKbeVI92AQ	1	Their mechanic Rob sure likes bikes. People, not so much. I have been insulted by this jackass the last several times I've taken my bike in and will never go back. Every smug assumption he's made has been wrong. He doesn't listen to your requests.  I can't believe this business allows someone with such outrageously poor customer skills to interact with people.	2012-06-28	1	1	4
KqzQ5nRF4LqE1e82ocnqXw	ta6GXjcGAhMlC-KtxX6VfQ	gLyekcxmLOoaMTYXKOF-1Q	3	The Venetian is my favorite hotel and I really wanted this to be my favorite spa, to be my go to spa... and I can't help that I was a bit disappointed! Yes, the facility is really nice and relaxing... but it just doesn't compare to Qua over at Caesar's Palace! The amenities here were less, much less. They do have water, coffee, and tea available, as well as some fruits for snacks... but it was nothing compared to Qua. Qua has bottled water, various specialty teas, coffee, and a variety of juices (apple, orange, pineapple), fruits, and pretzels. I only found a variety of tea here in the co-ed area and in a room hidden in the hallways... not in the main waiting area. Don't get me wrong, I did have a nice time relaxing here and this facility is huge, with many hallways... and the MOST of different types of rooms (steam, herbal, cold, etc) I have ever seen, I think about 10! They also have a co-ed area where you can go relax together if you are with a significant other or have a mixed group. In the co-ed area, there is a wave room and I can't remember what the name of the other room was. The thing I disliked most about the facility here was that there was only ONE pool!! It was overpacked and TINY! Barely 6 people could fit into the pool. Another thing I wasn't too thrilled about was the showers and vanity area. The showers here only have one shower head... at Qua, they have showers with SEVEN different shower heads spraying water from all angles. The showers here did have a bench for you to place your things. In case you are wondering, it is individual showers and they place 2 clean towels in each shower. The showers have body wash, shampoo, and conditioner in the stalls already. There are plastic bags for you to put your dirty clothes in and disposable razors available. I saw tons of workers here and the facility was spotless. In the vanity area, there is face cream, lotion, body spray, hair spray... however, if you want any styling tools, you have to ask the front desk. I did not like that. At Qua, each area has tools and brushes for you to use. On the particular day my friend and I went, it seemed really packed. I don't know if that is the norm though. Another thing I did not like was the cold room. It was a wet cold room... and there was no place to sit. It was standing room only with water that sprayed out from the ceiling every now and then. Something I though was cool here was there was an open shower area where you pushed a button and different water sprayed out that mimicked a tropical storm, fog, and one other thing I can't remember. It was really cool because it felt a bit like experiencing the real thing, but in a controlled environment.  -  - My friend and I spent a good 4 hours relaxing here. I loved the large round sofa like chairs. They were super comfy and I don't think I've been able to fall asleep so easily! I wish I had one for my home! We were staying at the Venetian, so it was only $25 to use the facility for the day and you can charge it to your room, so if you also have a Grazie card, you will earn tier points. If you are not a hotel guest, it is $40 to use the spa for the day. For $25, it was totally worth it, even with the one small pool... but for $40, it is not worth it. Pay an extra $5 and go the Qua instead ($45), but sadly, Qua no longer allows non-hotel guests to use the spa facilities... If you are staying at the Venetian, then it is a bit of a walk to the spa, but the hallway is very colorful and happy; from the Palazzo, it is only an elevator away.	2014-01-31	0	0	0
5LZK-bj3KzPOQL9-1ytM1A	WhBxWYRj6rycigYqdXY9cA	YneSTqU6UrtQ7e6szjg4BQ	1	The owner's response is incorrect. NO one has contacted me. No one has emailed me since my last email to you directly as well. You are a liar.  -  - In an email from your establishment, you suggested that I take time out of my day to come to your establishment to explain to your waitstaff what the issues are. Multiple members of your waitstaff, including management ARE the issue. I explained this in an email to you. I've been treated rudely over the phone and in person multiple times. Your DM had previously stated that this was because of how much I used to frequent your establishment--that my large number of bad experiences were because I was a regular customer. That is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard! I get bad experiences because I spend my money and pay your wages more often than other people? Are you f@#$%^&* kidding me???!!! -  - Again, multiple times, in a row, you forgot items when I picked up orders to go. Your waitstaff was rude in person and over the phone.No one is checking orders. I used to manage restaurants and work every position in one. I would make drastic changes if I were you. -  - If I came to your establishment, ordered food, ate it, and did not pay for it--you would call the police and I would be charged for defrauding the establishment.  - In this case, I paid you and you did not (on multiple occasions) give me the food that  I paid for. You also double charged my bf's card, and when we came in to eat breakfast with a gift certificate I asked the waitress what happened to any unused portion. She became very upset (I was very nice), rushed to get the manager, who very sternly told me there would be no cash back. Excuse me, I never asked for cash back, I asked if the left over would be issued on a new certificate. I don't want your handouts. You have me confused with "one of those people".  -  - I have found much better places to spend my money on  weekly if not biweekly basis. I was never rude to any of your staff. I was always polite. Same with my bf. You have consistently screwed up over the last six months. -  - One final thought: I live very close by (that is why I spent so much money here! convenience!), and noticed a family entering your establishment. You might want to remove TYGA from your hold music if you are trying to be a family place. I've never heard of Tyga previously, and it was only while being on hold hearing "bouncing on my d$%^ that I had to Google it to find out what the heck was being played. Do your associates choose your hold music?????????????? -  - As an owner, I would ask myself "did I hire new employees or new management within the last six months?" I am guessing so. Make the needed corrections before you permanently lose more regular customers.	2014-06-18	0	1	4
aj81l-EJSBdu5TTA4HpL9A	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	14Odpn7UTETHNepJvpUV0Q	3	My family arrived at The Parlor last night around 6:00pm.  We have dined at The Parlor a few times in the past and we have also ordered take out. -  - It seems that the menu options have decreased and unfortunately the quality of the food has followed.  However, The Parlor is still in our "go to" list because of the reasonable prices, valet parking (parking lot is tiny), convenient location and relaxed atmosphere (I can wear shorts, t-shirt and sandals and feel in place). -  - The service was as good as it could have been given the customer to server ratio.  The servers are definitely in over their heads when the restaurant is full.  We had to be patient and had trouble finding our server. -  - The patio was nice with the fans and misting system.  I did leave a bit wet, but it was hot out and felt nice.	2013-06-14	0	0	0
de4MEqKHVvEy-ydJLQI8Sw	pjGUK8rHXq8P4ubUoNNc5A	ckpR2E9BDIU_bsG4bY8F8Q	5	My husband and I love Dr Lucas, as well as FNP Nancy Erdmann. We were patients for six years. We have to quit seeing them (eff. Jan. 2011) because our insurance changed, and we're so bummed. We highly recommend this office.	2011-01-23	1	0	1
U8-mtVayM3SzYeLF0_lnFQ	jh7S78tc9oXCDjAjP_OrLw	M67pECGniaCn8_4WEWG37Q	5	I have been eating at India Palace for ten years. Imagine my surprise when I my favorite Indian restaurant now completely renovated. The building is now very modern and upgraded. I had the lunch buffet today and was pleasantly surprised that chicken tika masala is now part of the buffet. Still my favorite menu item. I highly recommend the lunch buffet if this is your first foray into Indian cuisine. My only quibble is that the dinner menu averages $15 per entree. A little high, but well worth it in my opinion.	2009-04-22	0	0	0
krXfqA50r5p8cChG9lLHYA	SsTxjxo8qvqBMvan1rzNzg	_I3v476yxuQOdXpaNS4eJA	4	Good place for a family.  Nothing really amazingly exciting about it except that they serve breakfast all day. -  - Also, if you're a vegetarian, prepare to have a garden vegetable omelette regardless of the hour you choose to visit this restaurant.  This is really the reason for the lower stars - when oh when will restaurants to learn to cater to vegetarians?	2010-04-27	0	0	0
h_WctsmquI-IOH-rRikOag	RlrqwlKKAwzyxBAVoFMwBA	_IWqbdXWcBNev9AnXijAAg	5	Very clean - nicely organized, well-managed, well-run and well-staffed store. Not full of cranky old men and gun snobs. They will answer your questions and welcome anyone to their range. Some of the other places in town are sleazy tourist traps where folks just go to shoot machine guns. This is a real gun shop with lots of accessories, a well-designed range and friendly people. Look no further.	2013-02-09	0	0	0
43GXR_6ivyE46V3I8wx87g	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	1Ib0FDveHWB9T40lwEUiDw	5	Best buffet in Vegas hands down!  The only tough part is if you're staying on the strip..............we learned the hard way.  Cabbing over is ~$40 -- we'll rent a car  or drive next time! -  - We were there on a Saturday around 1 pm and there was surprisingly no line!  The weekend seafood brunch is now $33.99, but it was well worth it! -  - I've never been to a buffet with such fresh crab legs. And this is SNOW crab, not the chewy bland king crab legs that you can find anywhere else.  They offer both hot and cold versions, along with a ginger-stir fried version in the Asian cuisine section. I found the hot version to be the best (the stir-fried version had meat that was dried out probably because it was kept over heat)...the best meaning I had two plates of snow crab legs all to myself.  AH! -  - There is a round carving/meat station in the center of the buffet where you can find prime rib (and a variety of sauces), NY steak, salmon, rotisserie chicken, fried chicken, turkey, pork, etc......There's an entire row dedicated to salads and fruit.  Their soups included lobster bisque (which was quite delicious!)  For the ethnic stations, I really appreciated the more authentic-style Asian dishes such as eggplant with black bean sauce (pretty decent!), braised oxtail, and yuxiang beef (though I would have preferred it cooked with the more traditional pork).  You don't typically see these served at other buffets.  There was also sushi and Thai. -  - Their fruit was super sweet and fresh and their dessert station is to die for!  The selection was almost too much to bear -- too little stomach space left ='(, but such a feast for the eyes.  But I did the wasteful thing (bad me, I know) and tried like 10 things because I couldn't resist.  The flan and creme brulee = AMAZING. The chocolate souffle could be more chocolatey (but I'm a chocolate snob) and the fruit tart could have had slightly more custard and less crust.  Overall, everything I tried was great! -  - Definitely looking forward to my next trip out here!	2011-09-13	0	0	0
R2CVlv-saE6hw4m55a947g	YvU-M_NJR-3_rrdn0KXlcQ	xunyzKBmLXp5aXXaObkgKw	5	First time there today.  Great place to get a haircut. Lots of good conversation and they barbers were very nice.  Went for a flat top and asked who did the best job and nobody would fess up! I had Dan cut it and he did a great job.  I'll continue to go back from this point on.	2012-09-29	0	0	0
Azz3sInX1WTRWBZt8uc7yg	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	GRXItjSQad3PRq7J65aizA	4	Tried BurGR for the first time during my last trip to Vegas. I don't think I've ever had a burger as delicious as this one. I had the American Burger. No frills: just American cheese, butter lettuce (a huge plus in my book: much better than romaine), onion, pickles and tomato on a fresh, fluffy bun. The burger was thick, cooked perfectly, and was so juicy. A little pricey for just the burger, but trust me, it's worth it. You are in Vegas, after all--it's worth the splurge! -  - Oh, and the fries? You NEED to try the truffle Parmesan fries. I dream of the truffle aioli they're served with.  Keep in mind too the portion of fries is VERY large. A group of three would probably be satisfied with a single order. We had two orders of fries for a group of three and were more than stuffed by the end of the meal.  -  - If you're visiting Vegas, you need to have BurGR on your list of places to try. I will definitely going back during my next vacation!	2014-07-16	1	0	0
2V8ZeeGmUvK1QSA_iWiYqg	V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	4	Have been wanting to go here for a few years. -  - Today I went, and very much enjoyed the experience. -  - I had the Catalan omelette: Schreiner's chorizo, kalamata olives, provolone, tomatoes, onions. It was quite delicious! -  - I also had the Mexican chocolate latte, which was soooo good! -  - It being in Scottsdale, I'm not likely to go often, but I'd return.	2013-07-21	0	0	0
iRS3eTEVVhaJItuciEzEwA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	dUrVJl5qi2CJWff7s8HJNw	4	Cibo never disappoints.  My guest and I decided to sit outside.  We had just missed the sprinkle of rain and felt safe under one of their umbrellas.  There was a hint of coolness in the air.  It was a great night.  Cibo's front yard/ patio is a charming spot.  Every time I eat at Cibo it has been on their patio.  I have yet to see the interior.  To start, we shared the House salad.  The greens were fresh, the cheese was awesome, and the dressing was excellent.  It served two people perfectly.  Next, we ordered the Veggie pizza.  It was delicious.  The crust is in between thin and doughy.  I like Cibo's crust, its the best of both worlds.  The veggies were fresh and the sauce was wonderful.  Our bill was around 20 bucks.  Cibo's delivers great quality for the price tag.	2009-11-29	1	0	1
VA11pmvezqeOSJkaxJeV1w	7UStzgu75kpOKBoc2JnmVw	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	Located right next to Marshalls...this is the perfect place to end my bargain hunting shopping trips. You walk in and it isn't much like a regular Nordstrom (no piano player and no Savvy section...boo)...but that's cool...I can't afford much there anyways. Nordstrom Rack is the perfect compromise.  -  - The first thing you see is the designer sunglasses...and they are lovely. I always try to pass them up because its not the smartest thing in the world getting fancy glasses when your kids will destroy them in a week (gotta love those mall kiosks where they sell knockoffs 2 for $20). I usually head back to the kids department where they have the cutest things for the fashionable little anklebiter....without the steep price tag (my monkeys don't need shirts that cost $50+).  -  - When I have time I also like to peer at their collection of Junk Food tees...fun t-shirts that I can futz around in. Lastly, their shoes are amazing. They only put 1 shoe out on display and you have to go to the shoe mate desk to get its partner. Usually I don't have time to look but once in awhile I find a great pair of shoes that I just can't live with out. Will always love this place and excited to go and check out their new location on Stephanie and Warm Springs (they are moving from this location to a bigger store...look out for the opening day sale...or so I heard from a very nice associate).	2011-03-20	1	0	1
Y0fbfINsmh92R2GPKuV6DA	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	kaV3R9ut1lwwJv5gQITa-w	4	Okay, so Serendipity did not live up to my expectations in certain ways.  But overall, I love it and I'll definitely be back.   -  - So a lot of my friends have gone to the Serendipity in New York and they've talked about the kitschy decorations and all that.  Yea, Vegas has none of that.  Like no decorations at all.  I had a hard time ordering because honestly, there wasn't anything on their menu that stood out.... the one reason I came here was.... -  - the frrrrrrrrrrrrozen hot chocolate.  I will come back everyday just for this drink.  It is seriously heaven on earth.  My fiance actually bought me a package of this stuff [you can buy it from serendipity.com] and I made it from home... but its just not the same.  I was really sad that I wasn't hungrier.... I was trying to get myself to order another one :)  But I knew I didn't have enough space. -  - But hey, I'm in Vegas for another day and a half.  I just might go back :)	2009-10-06	0	0	0
COYIzR_51KpDiHLzyGS6ZA	n4kQBw7XX1tSJMPhM5SyAQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	3	These outlets have a decent mix of stores from Coach to Children's Place to Gap.  It is all located outside, so you'll want to keep that in mind prior to heading here. There is a decent sized food court and a few restaurants on-site if you get hungry while shopping.  Or you can travel a bit off site and there are even more restaurants to choose from if nothing at the outlets strikes your fancy. -  - Overall: B - A very decent outlet mall in the Phoenix area.	2014-01-06	0	0	0
Qkj4tzcHpWejUUFEx-YKvA	Ase-gwT_0s4Wfv7XWXzE6A	5xLcXof46n-REst90znZ9Q	5	Last year, after having a less than stellar experience with another downtown bike shop, I brought a friends bike into the Landis bike shop on Indian School and 7th Ave. The bike had a bent part that did not seem repairable and even the guys at Landis were not sure they could fix it without it breaking, however they decided they would try and see what they could do. Not only did they fix it but they cleaned up the gears and when filling the tire (which were pretty worn) the tire burst so they gave me a new tube and tire and charged only $10 for the repair. Even thought I was 100% sure the burst tire was because it was old and brittle they would not let me pay anything toward the replacement. The way I see it they may have lost a few bucks on that transaction, but they have gained me as a customer for life. -  - Howie M.	2012-10-25	0	0	0
V_EBz4-RrX94qBYWy3yiYQ	KjymOs12Mpy0Kd54b7T9MA	7Yq_5RVgPnfdzYn_mmfH4g	4	This place has such an awesome view of the fountains, and that alone is worth a star in my book. If you can grab a table on the outdoor patio when it's not too hot, be sure to do so. Besides the view, the menu is pretty awesome too... especially if you like olives as much as I do! -  - My husband and I came here a few times during a recent trip to Vegas, both out of convenience and the fact that we like what they have to offer. Two of our visits were for lunch. I love the fact that they start the meal with bread and... Butter? Nope! Olive oil? Guess again! OLIVE TAPENADE! Are you beginning to feel my love for olives yet? ;-) I had to try their daily salad special, which just happened to be offered both days we were there and was good enough that I ordered it twice. The mix of watermelon, tomato, arugula, and feta cheese did a happy dance in my mouth! I chose two pasta dishes for my two lunch entrees... gnocchi with kalamata olives and goat cheese (super great flavors combined there) and amaretto butternut squash ravioli (sweet and savory all at the same time). My husband also enjoyed the gnocchi dish one day and went with a burger for his next meal, which he thought was delicious.  -  - During another visit, we came for drinks and dessert. The drinks were out of this world good... a daily special of raspberry mojitos with plenty of fresh raspberries and mint muddled into the drink. For my dessert choice, I went with a refreshing sorbet. It consisted of three flavors (peach bellini, mixed berry, and melon) set on top of a dish of fresh berries... a perfect summer day treat! My husband opted for a sweet ice cream sandwich duo that looked super yum. -  - I'm sure we'll make a stop at Olives again in the future. The food and view are tough to beat!	2014-07-01	3	0	3
GDhYrt2jiS0pgvNGu76Gdw	4MDELmrapOVyZjtpWHGz6A	g6XGO78kpR2a-rfZkBW28A	5	Oh Sara, how I love thee!  I moved to Vegas almost 2 years ago and a friend told me to check this place out.  I was a little skeptical...ok...very skeptical as I have had more bad salon experiences than good.  Growing up in a small town, once I found someone that did my hair the way I liked, I never left.  Well, when I moved I didn't have a choice...and so the search began. -  - I walked in and the first thing you notice is how clean the place is...absolutely immaculate. The second you walk in, you're offered a cubby for your belongings and ice cold water with lemon or cucumber.  You are then taken to a changing room to put on your robe.   -  - When I first sat down, I was super nervous.  The place just had this aura about it that said "We really really know what we're doing" which to be quite honest, scared the crap out of me.  So I told myself to buckle down and tell her what I wanted.  "Sara, I only want a microtrim.  I'm trying to grow it out so I don't want a lot cut off and no layers." "Ok," she responded.  OK?  I was definitely expecting a place like this to say "Oh but you would look great with THIS and we can add THAT! " But nope, just a simple ok, and that was ok with me:) -  - She put a clear top coat on my hair to bring back some of the shine that I now lacked from this desert dryness and then took me back to the washroom....where you get a full neck, shoulder and scalp massage!  So now we're at the chair and I'm freaking out.  But she knew exactly what I wanted.  She took off just the very tips and did a "clean up" which involved wrapping my hair around a few fingers and trimming the dead tips off of any stragglers.   -  - My hair looked great:)  So now, this is the only place I go to get my haircut.  A+++....oh, and you can book and confirm your appointments on a their website which is really cool btw.  Definitely worth a try.	2010-06-10	1	0	7
PTt4NY4vDIL_cJk2ADSOJA	DC9Gr3z2LHtlqoCG2-fwKQ	bX7qswW9gNSMaTxdsRXAbw	5	I accidentally tightened my screws too tight and cut the coil tonight, so I Yelped vape shops around me to get a quick fix. To my surprise, I found out Vape District was right across the street from my apartments. Uhm hello?! Where have you been all my life! Haha. I was too lazy to go around and buy the stuff to rebuild it myself so Vince was super awesome and did it for me! Did I mention he was super awesome?! I came in to get my coils fixed, but left with juices and a new tip. -  - I've been on a forever search for a lotus tip and they had it! Ahh finally! I was a happy camper. They also have good flavors. (Sorry Vince for trying almost all of 'em! How annoying. Lol.) Their bottles of juice is $10.99 or 3 for $25. Of course, I ended up getting 3. One I got is Flavor Shacks Menthol, so I can menthol my other flavors up. Another is Shark Juice's Blue Clouds, which is 100% VG. I guess it produces bigger clouds, although I have yet to try it. Lastly I got, Shark Juice's Ubeezzy. It's a... Wait for it.. UBE & MACAPUNO flavored juice. I died when I saw that. Haha. Soooo filipino. -  - A dance studio, vape spot, barber, and tattoo shop.. So cool ! By far the best shop I been to in Vegas and has great customer service.	2014-03-13	0	0	0
Rad5kONNDkbSydShp9JSOw	t9fDDws6uSEnAm0eupcLrQ	FWqA5tpXnV19GzlZDlPxfQ	5	Dr. Jenista is fantastic. He is clear and concise with his dental plans and a perfectionist with all of his work. More importantly, he has a wonderful support staff working with him. Kim, one of the hygienists, does everything she can to make you feel comfortable and at ease in the chair. For example, the other day when I was getting my teeth cleaned she noticed I was shivering. Instead of ignoring it, she brought over a soft blanket and covered me! It's little things like that that make a dreaded trip to the dentist that much more enjoyable.  -  - Other positive: I've never waited longer than 5 minutes in the waiting room. Big plus for a busy woman!	2011-02-10	0	0	0
kY_93fh0AyGPB4eLsU-d9Q	lliksv-tglfUz1T3B3vgvA	OOLEEaWVDBGqcuHRsVWinA	5	This place is authentic, delicious and everything that i could want in Thai food. I would recommend a reservation or you will have to wait in line for dinner. If your first visit here is for the lunch buffet, keep in mind that the buffet is not a good refleciton of the quality of this place. - The Tom Yum Kai is awesome but the the En Tuan (Beef & Tendon Soup) is absolutely amazing. All the broths at this place are rich, spicy and very complex in flavor.  The curry here was good as well but wasn't much different from other Thai curries i've had before. The Pad Thai noodles were cooked just right and had a balance of flavors. The Papaya Salad was very refreshing and just the right amount of dressing. The unique dishes here is what makes this place a must. If you looking for mint and chicken, you can get that anywhere, read the reviews as you enter the restaurant and try something different and authentic to the region, you won't be dissapointed.	2009-08-17	0	0	1
x4Qsb15a1NSvPEewZ_-usQ	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	4	Wife and I did an after midnight run and can I say what a great find.  I had the BBQ Hawian and she eat the Chipotle Avacado.  Both were top notch at a great price. -  - We went back a couple of days later and the wife went with the same, but I had the Ham, Egg and Cheddar breakfast sandwich.  Mine came bare bread, I wish it had mayonaise (easy to add the next time) and if only they could have used a better cheese. -  - We will be back!!	2013-03-08	0	0	1
wPrzTY70QUUTcQwDNhYYMA	vxxMqBaAHuWdx4impsLSSA	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Studio B is fine if there is not a long wait to get in, otherwise forget it. You'll be waiting in more lines when you get in. It can be a good thing though at least there is high turnover rate and stations are constantly freshened up . My favorite and go to are the Asian : The Kalbi beef ribs and the rice noodle dish and the Mediterranean station for the dolmades. The salad station for antipasto salad and the dessert station to  get refills on alcoholic coffee drinks.  -  - I rarely dine at place with buffets but will come here and suggest  this place to my out of town guests when they want better quality buffet food.  The service is pretty good. The servers are always on top of things, refilled drinks and cleared out our dishes. The prices charge are reasonable, you get your moneys worth dining here.	2013-12-27	2	1	1
9sjkZUj1Sa3Be41sQ3qUHQ	ecKVPeamtQ2Dvv8i68ucZw	Gt_ah4qdPL-j2k69yYgIrQ	2	I chose this facility for my first pregnancy because I wanted to have a natural as possible delivery and I'd read the the midwives here were very supportive of that. Let me just say that every single visit I had to wait at least an hour to be seen, the ladies at the desk were rude lazy and all they did was talk badly of the midwives.  Once I waited almost 2 hours because they hasn't even checked me in and let my midwife know I was there for my appointment. There were 3 midwives that I loved, one of whom was new and actually ended up being the one at my delivery, the other 2 I absolutely hated. One told me she didn't care that I wanted to avoid drugs and intervention and told me there was no point in considering it. The other actually told me that she was offended I hadn't seen her regularly instead of another and was irritated by every question I had. The ultrasound tech didnt even ask if we wanted to know the gender she just blurted it out, thats fine because we wanted to know but for other families who choose not to i thought that was unprofessional and insensitive, she also always acted like she was upset and annoyed. The midwife I saw regularly was Kim and she was wonderful except for one thing. My delivery at Phoenix Baptist hospital was a nightmare, after the anesthesiologist screwed up my epidural TWICE I declined another and she literally pinned me and they forced yet another excruciating epidural on me. I don't know if that was her or the hospitals choice but it was extremely traumatic for me. Ultimately I was forced into a c-section. I think that if they changed the front desk staff and didn't force patients to deliver at Phoenix baptist hospital this practice would be a lot more successful and patients would be happier. Personally I will not choose them for my second pregnancy.	2012-12-30	0	0	1
Y74dNPQi4ecwPBafOPoP7g	UKgSs_SJzW9fu4CwhIV1yA	JsimV2W4h6_H6sybcPyU4Q	3	The room was nice enough and the staff is pretty friendly. We got a free upgrade, so no complaints there either. It's in a good location, just north of Olde Town Scottsdale. Close enough to hit the town, but not so close that you're hearing everyone hit the town too. The Fashion Square Mall is nearby and a lot of good eateries are just around the corner too. -  - The pool area is really nice, I wish the servers would come around more often though. If you want a cabana, be there at 6am when the pool opens. People go crazy for them! The food was pretty good too, nothing to write home about though. Standard resort pool food.	2013-07-05	0	0	0
mnhdguHDx_JQQWTTcCvLDw	kYjfdxTS-pb7rJwfzqw_AA	JkHm-xBNa8KKNvWH5TKk4Q	5	I had a great experience today at Sole Sports! Ryan was a super great help and was very patient as we tried five different shoes and recorded three stride sessions with different shoes. I found out I have a neutral pronation! In the 12 months I have been running (off and on) I never knew that! He helped me select on the perfect shoes for me based on my stride and comfort. I wish I had visited sooner!!!	2012-10-08	0	0	0
94UehyQJlX4_9qbQDiNVew	aGbjLWzcrnEx2ZmMCFm3EA	e3bSJPE-y2CkGS_mPgNvxg	4	holy bejesus, Gordon Ramsay never continues to amaze me. (shout out to Will V. Vleck!!!) - Having tried Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill, my next stop on the Gordon Ramsay groupie tour was GR BurGR. After a fast 25 minute wait, my brother and I were seated and greeted by the General manager.  -  - I ordered the Euro Burger and my brother ordered the Hog Burger (the waiter raved nonstop about it) and two sides of Parmesan truffle fries.  - Both Euro and Hog Burgers were amazing. The protein was cooked perfectly and complimented the garnish, cheese and bun. While I loved my Euro Burger, I still thought the burger at GR Pub & Grill was superior (that burger was possibly the best burger I ever had). But my brother loved his  Hog Burger and reviewed it as the BEST BURGER he's ever had. -  - the truffle fries? oh yeah, ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. Staff here puts an absurd amount of Parmesan cheese, an ingredient that I adore greatly. One order of fries is honestly enough to serve two tabletop, because the portions are enormous.  -  - two burgers + two fries= $60. SUCCESS!	2014-02-28	0	0	0
q-Y4IhUU9p2_UudvSQWrIw	xyTJYlbE_MLouK6rCou6zg	47lvVeXB-pE9L6Xj_b5Q4w	4	If you start a burger with good beef- it is bound to be good.  A veggie burger on the other hand is not so easy- and this place hits it out of the park.  The flavor is mild so I recommend kicking it up with some of the yummy add on's.  I added spinach, caramelized onions- it was the best ever.  We showed up just at noon- and sat at the bar.  The service was quick and the food was perfect.  My partner got the $60 kobe, fois, truffle burger and she said it was cooked to perfection.  I tried the sweet potato fries and they were nice for a change.  This not for the person on a diet.  It is worth a wait- or try for the bar.  Believe the hype with this place.  I take off one star because the donut dessert was disappointing.	2008-02-22	0	0	1
p5a_Ac0SkGp6mDkssHy2tA	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	Went to @ClarendonHotel for the Halloween bash. Stopped in to @GalloBlanco for dinner. -  - My girlfriend's first time in. -  - We ordered one each of the cochinita (pork), carne asada beef, and pescado (fish) tacos. -  - The pork was PHENOMENAL! Great flavor and seasoning, delicious. -  - The beef was equally good, but my girl dominated that one. :D -  - The fish taco, with ahi and red cabbage, and guacamole, was unbelievably good. - See, I'm not a fan of seafood in my tacos. Or even in any of my mexican food. -  - But I would order a dozen of these, and want more! -  - The crunch of the cabbage was a great contrast to the ahi, and the guacamole made for a perfect finish. -  - Thanks for another great meal! You have a new fan, as well. :)	2010-11-01	0	0	1
zpnANmtCMOM1Jvo2b5SKuQ	_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	tRBC8zo48KbWIJn_hEG4mA	5	At the end of a long day, this was the perfect resting spot!  We grabbed a table outside so we could watch the Central Ave hubbub while sipping our tasty happy hour drinks.  Our waitress, Tia, was THE BEST.  Being on a restricted diet, she was so helpful and the zesty edamames were finger-lickin' good and the black bean burger so yummy that I never missed the meat.  We lingered, relaxed, ate and drank, and everyone, including owner Dana, made us feel welcome & comfortable, making sure our plates were changed, drinks were full and checking in to see what was needed.  This is absolutely one of the best places in the area, its a total find, and hope it never goes away.  And Dana, thanks for the drink and toy surprise...you scratch my back and I"ll scratch yours.	2013-03-02	0	0	0
rdnJ3jNzalMa1LQwoGcWog	-TIyxSc-lLmJzunje6MD9Q	DxbN2BD5ULWa-LC5IMOPZQ	5	I have only praise and appreciation for each and every clinician I have ever come into contact with at my Phoenix VA and the West Valley clinic in Surprise. My Rheumatology Team has to be the most caring staff of people I have ever encountered. I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis 2 years ago, it was a shock to go from being healthy and active to being in unbearable pain. I was desperate for relief and so frightened about how to cope with this disease. With the help and caring of the people at the Phoenix VA, I think I've learned to adapt very well. It's a process and I'm getting stronger every day. I can't thank them enough !	2013-12-31	0	0	0
QZeakEQzH32cwMdcaOBZ9g	xfwRO04KbAPw_zRotCfWQQ	eQSj2Pg6zlybas4UfipmrQ	2	Overrated.  -  - My boyfriend and I were so excited to go here because of the great reviews they had. Sorry to say that I do not feel like the reviews lived up to my expectations. -  - The line was extremely long and we waited a good 20 minutes for a table. Not a problem at all. We weren't in any rush. We were seated and the waiter came about 5 minutes after which was also fine. It gave us time to look over the menu which I wasn't impressed with. The menu was large, didn't offer anything to me that appealed to me. I ordered a vegetarian option since everything had with meat included pork which I do not eat. I must say, it would be nice to have turkey sausage or turkey bacon on the menu for those of us who doesn't eat pork. However, having a vegetarian breakfast wasn't a problem.  -  - I order an egg scrambled with veggies and cheese added. It came with fresh fruit, potatoes and a humongous biscuit. This biscuit was bigger than my palm! Sadly, that was the highlight of the meal. The potatoes had no flavor and were kinda cold. You can tell that they were cooked in large quantity earlier in the day and served out of pot. The fruit was sweet so I didn't have any issue. My eggs and veggies again lacked flavor. I had to add a nice amount of salt and pepper to give it some kinda "umph". The food was just OK.  -  - I was very disappointed with the food considering all of the hype including chefs like Rachel Ray. I have experienced MUCH better brunch/breakfast food.	2014-05-17	0	0	1
95wOgjvCChMvGQkWuUJEdA	IyFBccpU5DlK2ZqZFhRoaw	aSlvQF0pc3aqI6u61FkhOQ	1	Been going to Vons for years on Pecos and Windmill in Henderson nv.  the new girl at the deli counter can just give you the meats that are pre cut. 3 weeks in a row I have asked for a pound of something, and even though it is pre cut, she ALWAYS has to cut it fresh. I takes so much time. I don't understand. Plus, she makes people wait while she cleans up.  If she just put things away as she goes then we wouldn't have to wait.  She is a nice girl,  but needs to be more organized. I went in last Friday and when I saw that she was going to help me I almost said never mind I can o to Albertsons.    For example, I asked for 1 pound of ham off the bone. I was all pre cut, but she grabbed the whole ham and sliced it when it was already sliced!!!  Then when I got home I realized it wasn't even Ham off the bone.	2013-12-03	0	1	0
beCg1p4aMUZjzL7C-PeSRA	50nln4YPr0QDo_v1uBmHfg	thAHMoZfhZhfM53yA6UnTw	5	Thomas Keller and Bouchon, you have my heart. -  - I'm still dreaming about the red velvet cupcake with the humongous filling on the top with the red sparkly glitter.  Bouchon makes Sprinkles cupcakes taste like recycled plastic brown bags. -  - Never though I would ever spend $75 on sweets but it was worth every cent.	2013-08-08	0	0	0
JDe0PXfyEiEGaCkebm_HRA	IVtoPY8RerhNQVkbNVTi-A	2o7UrcK-3SY8ZY2ael_0Vg	1	I am reviewing the salon on their formal  hair and makeup services. I made the mistake of using them on my wedding day as I was getting married in the Stratosphere. Boy did I make a huge and EXPENSIVE mistake! -  - This place is SHADY on their pricing!! Be very careful!! -  - I received a very nice massage which I would give a different review for.  After I was supposed to get my hair done. The masseuse advised me that I did not have to wash my hair if I did not want to, since dirty hair styles better. And she gave me the heads up that they charge an extra $55 for just the wash!!! -  - Then she came back in to the room and let me know that the hair stylist wanted her to make sure she got extra massage oil in my hair forcing me to have to wash it so he could charge me the $55!!  How shady is that?? -  - So, I did opt to wash my hair and was going to deal with the charge...it was my wedding day and people had smoked around me the night before.  Then the stylist (who stunk of cigarette smoke himself) charged me for long hair...when I clearly have mid-length hair. I'm not asking for an up-do.  Just some curls with a hair pin on one side.  Not a complicated hairstyle. So now I'm being charged $225 for this. Again...I deal, bc it's a couple hours before my wedding and I don't want to argue. -  - He puts the curlers in, takes them out, brushes my hair, pins up the one side with my barrettes, sprays it and it's done!  All this for $225!!  The curls were gone and my hair was flat 45 minutes after I left the salon!!  And he didn't even give me a nice blow-out so when my curls flopped I was left with unfinished hair. -  - My friend had to come with a curling iron and fix it...and her curls lasted the entire day! -  - Now the makeup...if you want to look like a cheap and trashy stripper then this is the place to get your makeup done...otherwise stay away. The cosmetologist was quoting for services $10 over what the menu stated. She barely looked at the picture that I brought in and did not try at all to copy the style.  I'm a red head and she used black powder on my eyebrows!!  And they weren't even!!  My fiance saw me as I rushed into our hotel room with tears in my eyes in horror of my appearance...and he would be the type to reassure me if I was just being critical.  He looked at me and shook his head, and said "Oh My God, what did she do to your face!" -  - The same friend who saved my hair with the curling iron ended up redoing my makeup. I barely made it to the chapel in time and I was so upset the whole day. -  - I think  they hear "Wedding" and use it as an opportunity to gauge you.  And the level of their ability doesn't match what you are paying for.	2011-12-13	0	0	3
hxfS3R_k74RvtEZqs0p1PA	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	JkHm-xBNa8KKNvWH5TKk4Q	4	This place is great! Ate here on a Wednesday at 12:30. The place was packed. The restaurant has modern decor. Very clean, light and bright. The food was amazing!  I had the heirloom tomato salad and spicy barbeque chicken pizza. They make there own dough which is fabulously sweet. The salad was delicious but a bit warm. The pizza was perfect. Just enough spice and sweet to keep you eating the entire pie! The price was a bit high, but I will defiately eat there again.	2011-07-06	0	0	0
b6gpKVCnpiRpBL9tC2xisw	xnmwzklOe8EkfDlnRQCPPA	Q-e5Kriu18oFX5orJkoNhA	5	Jennifer, of Jehnuine Designs, does great work and is very professional. About a year ago she created a logo for my business. She created exactly what I envisioned and turned around the project quickly. I would go back to Jehnuine Designs for other design projects and recommend her to friends, as well.	2012-09-26	0	0	0
HoS83oLAUum6YVHcbmotyg	ujkFN6kSrXVzq3epVeWmzQ	Pllc3jWFmwvkPcPYHTQs-g	5	Great for the distinctive collector looking for the strange and bizarre. The Record Room has a great collection of Punk, Surf, Rockabilly, Blues and more. The walls adorned with hard to find 45's and a cool selection of T's. Super helpful and always willing to make a deal. Great place to sell your vinyl too. Check 'em out!	2012-12-19	1	0	1
h8wUq2LYIERiwK_k5iWmoA	FGorBTbpa1VmLwf4nXBqPw	kpOE_x9EgghL6MzRueDRrw	5	I came to Nevada from Maui expressly for surgery by Dr. Goll. -  - My sister recommended him as he was the surgeon who operated on her ex husband with Stage IV throat cancer.  Dr. Goll did an outstanding job, and my ex BIL is still with us 7 years later. -  - I have Stage 3 Papillary Thyroid Cancer.  Turns out I have a pretty resistant strain and needed  better care than I was getting on Maui. -  - Dr. Goll did a Right Radical Neck Dissection.  He and his staff were extremely accommodating time wise as I was coming from out of state.  I saw him on a Monday and had the surgery on that Friday!  I believe he made a spot for me.  I am soo grateful! -  - Surgery was easy.  Dr. Goll answered all of my questions.  I'll go to City of Hope from here for further evaluation. -  - I would recommend Dr. Goll anytime!	2013-07-03	0	0	0
oxf7iEDMCLoqjfkNwRRI8g	K0JvsZWSdz4y1EeQNINWnA	TxRY9GCL-yCtGAz2Cy4x1g	5	Dr. Wayne has taken care of me and my family for several years now. He has helped my back tremendously! He has an open door policy and provides useful information on why and how to live healthier. I look forward to being in Dr. Wayne's care for several ore years.	2014-03-08	0	0	0
90HZazIcE7CEMwsrDeqTRA	1M7ScVRCiUYJVqjDbBx5pQ	9FDMUyJStI86B07bKQleow	4	Even before entering the store I admire the store window displays are that pretty artsy. Very creatively done and sometimes  the elaborate scenes makes you want to come in and check out the place.  Then you step into the store the first thing I noticed is wow, it smells good in here. I love the scented candles they always have lit. I asked once what was used as the filler in one of their hurricane vases and it was vanilla cake flour! Brilliant!! The use of visual merchandising and aromatherapy seems to entice you to stay in there and shop. -  - LOVE: Everything from their hippie chic clothes to the home deco stuff they sell.   - HATE: It's freakin pricey   - LOVE: Well made and unique, it's worth the splurge. -   - Sales staff is pretty cool. I never have to carry items in my hands. It's taken off my hands and held at the register or taken to the changing room that has my name written with chalk on the door. -   - Even though it's a chain store, it doesn't feel like one. I tried to find a less expensive version of a sweater there I wanted once, couldn't find it anywhere, so I wound up coming back  and chalked up the $$ for it. If you wait a couple weeks you can catch some really good stuff in their clearance section.  It's in a small section at the very back corner of the store past the open doorway. It's usually where I head to first if I dont get distracted with looking at all the knick knacks along the way. -  - You cant go wrong with buying something here for someone. The home decor, bath products and fragrances are pretty affordable and make great gifts. Especially those candles that entice you to spend money there. Hmm maybe that's explains why Im online shopping at home. I have one of their candles lit.	2012-12-26	4	3	5
QOHyReeSpic_RjOtqg6yzA	fpDFSoDPNzIFke8ZZ-yO1g	4fcRjq0HzDlNsK1GnvFlxA	2	Read the reviews and was pretty pleased.....until I got to this Salvation Army. Major disappointment :/  - There is a mix of really old clothes & old shoes, really old worn out furniture, and dishes. I'm not expecting pristine items, but c'mon now these things should be given away to people in need, not charging them!  I was at least hoping to find  anything older vegas style, anything!!!! Found not a single item.....Oh well, on to the next shop.    - Plenty of parking thou	2013-09-09	0	0	0
9Fwr2YmZir_YCFrkvm-W_A	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	EVoRHbVjBj6jyQS0wbHxTA	4	Lots of choices for Sunday brunch. We happened to be there on fathers day and it was $48 for all you can drink mimosas/bloody mary/champaign. Not a big buffet person but I thought for the price  the selection was pretty good.	2012-06-21	0	0	0
yXQDOviC4KmgFLw3NspT0w	FV16IeXJp2W6pnghTz2FAw	b1IBftHdMwRCo7w1qJ-15g	5	OK, so I'm a big fan of Pho Kim Long, and consider myself a regular there.  There are times I'm here three+ or more nights a week for dinner.   -  - It literally is THE BEST pho for the price in Vegas.  It is the closest to what my mother makes!! The broth is always nice and thick (like it should be in good pho).  I can tell they didn't skimp in bone marrow and beef when they cooked it.  The special always has an abundance of meat.  Perfectly sliced beef, not too many tendons, and one of the finer qualities of meatballs (yes there are different ones in the stores that are better in quality).  The meatballs, better in quality you will notice that when you bite into them do not have a lot of those little white fatty pieces (which are disgusting). -  - The Goi Cuon looks similarly and perfectly rolled like my aunt's.  They stay in shape bite after bite, without lacking in pork and shrimp on the inside.  Most I've tried around town are either poorly rolled, like they rolled the rice papers too tight so it rips when it dries (also an indicator of freshness).  Or...when you bite into one of these delicious appetizers, all you seem to taste is too much rice paper, then I'd feel ripped off because I feel like I got gipped out of pork and shrimp. -  - Nevertheless, with how big the restaurant is and how busy it is, the servers are attentive.  The service is fast (waiting more than 5 minutes for a bowl of pho is ridiculous since everything is pre-made and just needs to be put together).  There's never a ridiculously long wait for me when I go there for a table (please be respective of the number of people in your party and and what time you arrive).	2011-11-21	0	0	2
hbwnZS9zL0i6wk6mHXg0LQ	K8pM6qQdYu5h6buRE1-_sw	X7dxykmIV9LL5ZxLtgQYXA	4	4.5 stars!  -  - To borrow a phrase from George Takei, oh my! We finally tried this place out after hearing about it from several of our friends and coworkers who have lived in the area for quite some time. We read a few reviews, liked what we saw, and made it a point to go. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and shown to our table. The decor is sort of a modern meets rustic look.   -  - Our waitress Leslie came right over and took our drink order.  The menu is huge, and we wanted to try everything on it. Needless to say it took us a few minutes to make our decisions, but then we were ready to bring on the hurt. We knew then that this was simultaneously going to be both the best and worst decision ever for dinner. My wife ordered the Lo Lo's chicken and waffles, I ordered the 8 double D's chicken breast and waffle, and we got an order of fries and corn bread to share. We also ordered two drinks off of their specialty menu, a Keep it Simple for my wife, and the tropical drink for me. Sadly, I can't remember the name of the drink.  -  - The fries and the corn bread came out first.  The corn bread was good, but not the best I've had. The fries are hand cut with a glorious seasoning.  Anyone who knows me well knows my unhealthy obsession with french fries...It's rivaled only by my love of tacos. The fries never stood a chance. Every now and then I would pause for half a second to dip one in ketchup, but they were so good they really didn't need it. Shortly thereafter the rest of the food came out. -  - The main course came out on large dishes that were roughly the size of trampolines. My inner fat kid was practically leaping up and down at this point. The amount of food piled on the plates bordered on unnatural. It was about this time that my wife and I realized we may have ordered too much food. We didn't care. We were too busy staring down our plates like two gunslingers before a high noon showdown and furiously snapping photos for our future Yelp post. Our stomachs grumbled with anticipation. -  - The chicken was delicious, juicy, and breaded and fried southern style. The waffles were soft and made to order with their special batter. I went all out, ripping my chicken breast off the bone and stuffed it in the waffle, loaded it with butter, syrup, and hot sauce. With a big grin on my face, I folded it up like a giant delicious taco and ate it like it was my last meal on earth. My inner fat kid was getting worried at this point, because he knew there was more to come. Syrup and butter streaming down my hands, I enjoyed it to the last crumb. The waffle split and threatened to spill its contents all over the table several times, but I'm no amateur taco eater. The hot sauce is medium, with a little bit of a kick but not too much, and a nice spicy offset to the sweetness of the syrup.   -  - Throughout the course of our meal, our table was visited several times by our waitress and other staff members. They kept the drinks filled and cleared away finished plates. Everyone was friendly and made for a great service experience. -  - To finish it off, we ordered the banana pudding for dessert. No true Southerner can pass up banana pudding when given the choice. I grew up on my grandma's banana pudding, so there was a high bar of expectations set. I was not disappointed. The style was different from that of my grandmothers, but it was still very good. They use crumbled vanilla wafers as both a base and a topping. As with the drinks, it comes out served in a large mason jar. Be warned, it's a big serving, so come hungry or be ready to share.  My wife threw in the towel about a quarter of the way through. Rookie.  I tore through it like a Serengeti Lion devouring its prey. -  - My hunger sated and my inner fat kid crying for mercy, I lay down my fork and napkin in victory. I'm fairly certain I ate the equivalent of two days caloric intake. with a smile on my face, I thought dreamily of the Tums sitting on my nightstand at home.	2014-05-06	11	11	12
6GilQq7l1X0HbtXzKfLCXA	5Feaj6aixO_QxKFnkHf3xg	F9vAdVIjF_AAZjvtV4VATw	1	The grounds were really nice and the architecture fabulous; however, this place is so poorly managed that I would NEVER recommend this place. The service so inadequate and deplorable I cannot see how this place ever gets more than two stars. Sat by the pool for three hours and never got service. No one was attending the towel station, and worse yet, no water in 108 degree weather.  - The furniture in my bedroom the veneer on the furniture was bubbling, my room was never serviced before 3 PM, and the vents were black with dust. My shower had hair in the drain when I checked in.	2014-06-22	0	0	0
o0HJDLXNTPgwLjwvox3MEw	Y8-1LzsaiNb-SdePFU2iuQ	LQfNcSsABj-a3lDGgqEt3w	5	Staff is super friendly and the tablet you fill in your info on in the foyer instead of a stack of papers to fill out by hand. The doctor had a corny sense of humor (like my dad) and he was inviting, knowledgable, and very sure of himself.	2012-04-08	0	0	0
3ChQGVzeyJ4DaGxgwpIrQA	V1nEpIRmEa1768oj_tuxeQ	ASKX2P9GAUmz7_RRuLm4_Q	5	My wife and I love going here.  We've probably been there a few times a year for the past 6 or 7 years.  We usually get the pesto salad, di notte pizza and a nougat crepe.  Have never had a bad experience, great place when the weather is really nice out as well.	2013-10-28	0	0	0
2ZWAsWG3-igK4Zs_l3Fj4Q	O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	P1qwZrslRv9KS9vPJNXe4g	3	I'm really teeter toddling where to go with this review... -  - Do I review the restaurant? -  - Do I review the service? -  - Do I review the atmosphere? -  - Or do I simply review the entire experience? -  - This is a hard pressed 3 star review, because although our entire experience here was incredible (AKA Fiance's Parents took us here  for our engagement celebration) in all actuality that's really the best this location is REALLY worth.  -  - First off Mastro's, your food is literally crack, and I mean literally. Your Lobster mashed potatoes, your steaks and your "Why Thank you I'll be a fatass and order the butter cake" dessert are AMAZING.  -  - Here's why I'm taking two stars off you... -  - 1. Your decor, although glowing neon red was cool in the 80's, having the bar illuminated with it reminds some of us of the movie "Cocktail" and that's not in a good way.  -  - 2. I shouldn't have to say this but, Scottsdale, you haven't changed.  -  - So minus a star for all the backwards baseball hat wearing, rude, shouting, 30,000 dollar millionaires that jammed the dining room, also minus heavy points in my book for the guy wearing the cubic zirconium encrusted "VERSCE" sunglasses inside, (and yes, they were spelled that way too). Learn some class people...Jesus.  -  -  - Although Mastro's is a fail safe, avoid this location and stick to Pinnacle Peak unless you want to be embarrassed by the locals in front of out of town guests.	2010-03-08	0	1	0
y7gohO5eM_RuS7uapD7EwA	cxNssAOXk9N6McTeD0LwiQ	KJDymAcoPiW_vuqthGxfpQ	4	Decent sized Michael's that is well organized and has an easy to navigate layout. The staff was really friendly at this location and we were passed by two different employees that both greeted us and asked if we needed assistance in finding anything.   -  - Although we were unable to find everything we needed at this location the staff made an effort to assist us and they offered to special order it for us if we needed them to.   -  - Overall: A - If we are back in the area and in need of some crafting supplies, we wouldn't hesitate to hit them up!	2014-06-17	0	0	1
o04a_ptOyvxGM_A6WjQ9AA	cMvN1j-LK64zqmT4vnl8NA	N8EuJIMzMa3hSPSSSUfJSg	4	Awesome little place that hurt my brain trying to figure out how they would marry Chinese and Mexican foods. Presentation was fantastic and the happy party in my mouth was even better. The pork carnitas are to die for!	2013-08-23	0	0	0
dlarNZ_kRi5jZW5JkDHjEQ	zt1TpTuJ6y9n551sw9TaEg	2JAdkLe0GG8WxfrGwSDXaw	3	The food was imaginative but the flavors didn't rock my mouth.  Like the small pre-arranged servings since I'm more of a nibbler than a stuff-my-face-till-I-barf eater.  Hell yeah to the bottomless glass of wine for $7.00.  Desserts were awesome.  I'll be back to get drunk on wine and jacked on sugar.	2011-06-18	0	0	0
OnbMHc6okVNzv2_neq-DLQ	ieYiud3trM-9e7E8YUhK0g	P1WRiLuT7C7Yb-yt0nXk_A	4	Great little bakery with delicious sandwiches. I've been there twice for breakfast and really enjoyed it, and although $9 is a little high for a simple sandwich it is high quality, fresh, and a decent portion. I do have to say the coffee needs a little help though, but that's the only product improvement I'd recommend. Very friendly staff and nice dining area. Would definitely recommend.	2013-12-29	0	0	0
-lutuffVKuJ4w_Xkr180zQ	Lp-A-JNRUUH72uou5-pMtQ	NPBh2KEcGtvfMgedNxohIw	2	Jambalaya was very good.  Crab cakes so- so.  Not bad.  Not great.	2013-07-02	0	0	1
JXwIDVSF3dRULvrI0sL8yg	gGeVLZ9j_wAYKbaqgnKSJA	6a626hnO7rA4dfbSmqtecg	4	My wife and I dropped in while staying at the Palozzo with the hope of having dinner, then hitting the club.... Rats!  No club on Sunday nights!   - Stayed for dinner and glad we did.  The place was crowded, but we were still able to get a seat.  It was a bit noisy but the atmosphere was good.  The decor is awesome. - We started off our meal with TAO-Hito's (drinks) and loooooved them. For appetizer  we had a crispy rice and tuna tar tar which was excellent. For main I had the Buddah Chicken, which was a Thai chicken dish which was pre sliced and presented very nicely. The taste was excellent as was the quality of the meal and flavors. My wife enjoyed her glazed salmon.   - With so many great places in Vegas and the bar raised so high it is hard to give out 5 stars. In any other city my visit would be a 5 star meal. In Vegas they roll with a solid 4!	2013-09-28	0	0	0
OmNcxfUvNk-I6EeDfxrjHQ	ORzOJJTNe_9dlICqhVKhAw	NqoaK7KuK20O8t5nLLgPLg	5	Last June, I had a consultation with Dr, Bryan Garner at his office to be fitted for braces. After reviewing the financial breakdown of the cost, I found out I could not only get my braces, but that it wasn't as much as I figured it would be in terms of price. Dr. Garner thoroughly explains everything and recommends what is best for your dental situation, whether it be an overbite, an open bite, or something simple that Invisalign can work for. The options for braces in this office are Metal, Ceramic, or Invisalign, but Invisalign only works for certain types of bite problems, not for open bites. -  - My first appointment, I got my spacers, and the following week came the braces. Dr. Garner and his staff made me feel at ease and right at home upon my first visit and they've become like family ever since. They always have a smile and are very personable, approachable, and accessible. They are very good about working with people when things come up, such as a delay in payment or even an emergency regarding loose wires, broken or fallen-off brackets, etc.  -  - Dr. Garner's office has a referral program, where if you refer someone to them and that person uses Dr. Garner's services, you get a referral bonus added to your total bill. I referred a friend and got a $100 referral bonus. They do all sorts of incentives throughout the year as well as contests and giveaways. I also like how I can get different colors put on my brackets each time I go just to change things up a little bit.  -  - If you or anyone you know is in need of orthodontal work, I highly recommend setting up a consultation with Dr. Garner and getting your braces or Invisalign done by him. Take it from me...I am a very happy patient!	2013-03-05	0	0	0
vjM4Hg5YGE1UcVQBBhiH0g	XgfKcL7eBJE9B66qoaIlJQ	k_azqxVgdB2V0QjJf5aTUA	3	I wish I would really love this bakery since it's close to my house and I LOOOVVEEEE deserts but unfortunately it failed to impress. I actually ordered a cake here for my boyfriends birthday and it was beautiful, it was made to my liking and the manager is extremely nice and accommodating but the cake was... eehhh.  I ordered a specialty cake, it was shaped and decorated as a basketball. Though the cake looked great, it didn't taste like it. The 50/50 icing tastes very generic, it tastes like it's out of a container from a shelf in a supermarket. Now I did come in ahead of time and sampled several of cakes to make my decision. I think I would like the cake better if I picked different icing. The M&M cookies are pretty good, other cookies are ok... Gelato is ok, tiramisu.... I had better. All in all, the bakery isn't bad but I did not have anything I craved after.	2014-01-30	1	0	3
9Bc3MPzkPYc80gye_ZLEEw	UaPGk7bYvL5hIdbEoGtRfw	gkCVBbwEgnNfpCgUQMrj6A	5	I had been here a few times before and always left unhappy. It seemed like there was always one person in the store so help was none existent. Which always drives me insane since Las Vegas is a customer service town. After about a 6 month boycott I gave up and took in my lap top to try and get it fixed. The one I had started going to was to far away to drive so I decided to try it one last time. Apparently there is a new GM there. I was greeted instantly when I walked in the door. I was sent back to a tech counter? the little desk where they check your lap top. Within three minutes I had a tech back checking my computer. Durring the check I wandered around looking at lap tops in case mine couldn't be fixed. I kept hearing the General Manager Adam calling out on the little ear buds they wear to talk to each other to make sure people were being helped . Now to say I am computer dense is an understatement. I know how to use it but that's about it. He (Adam) went through checked my computer and found malware. Another gentleman (Justin) both explained how I could have gotten it and what was needed to fix my lap top. I was very happy to find out it could be fixed. Both of the gentlemen were understanding when I kept asking them to explain what they were saying.  Two days later it was ready to be picked up. It was just as easy to pick up as it was to drop off. The two people at the front of the store remembered me by name and directed me back to where I had dropped off my lap top and sent someone back to get it for me. So nice to actually find customer service in a customer service town. It seems so sadly lacking here.  Night and day from the last time I came here. Needless to say I will definitely be back.	2012-06-19	0	0	1
MOB8cXsi9OJU7MeD4ivwjQ	eq6lQI039SBLC6sHm3idGA	bX7qswW9gNSMaTxdsRXAbw	5	I accidentally stumbled upon this little shop trying to find a taxi a few years back. I don't know how I ended up there, but it was the best drunk mistake I have ever made. Lmao. I honestly never thought I'd find pizza as good as the lil shop we used to go to in Manhattan, but oh man.. This place is crazy good ! This is our go to after Marquee Mondays, every Monday. Hahaha. I love how it's so hidden. Gives us a head start before the drunk non-locals start heading out of the club. I'm personally a 'no meat on my pizza' typa gal, so I stick with the amazing "White Pizza". I've heard the sausage and pepperoni pizzas are good as well. They have gran. garlic, parm, and chili shakers so you can top your slice. I love all three on mine. Yeah, I guess you can say it's a bit pricey, but sooooo worth it. Just keep in mind, if you're trying to buy 4 slices or so, it's best to just go and buy a whole pizza.	2014-03-13	0	0	0
SUJW7sFirOTGm72XopN7ow	43E2pI23izWmOjLd7bkb0g	vlxXm83oGWun_aQT73c8mA	4	Pros: This office offers a lot of healthcare options: allergy testing, pediatrics, well woman, and several other services. Dr. Dobrusin is one of their best docs, but I'm a little biased since I've only seen him and two nurse practitioners. The facility is very clean and spacious. They even have their own therapy dog. A chocolate Lab named Murphy.  -  - Cons: Their med tech staff has a lot of turnover, and they seem inexperienced except for maybe two of them. It also seems like there is a language barrier with the front office staff and most of the med tech staff. Final con, it takes forever to get an appointment with their best doctors. You could be waiting up to a month depending on schedule conflicts. Dr. Dobrusin doesn't work Fridays anymore, which has made it tremendously more difficult for me to get seen.	2013-09-29	0	0	0
lYr2LAVqIBPjit9vIqJiOg	cQrDRErbvkhtz7Xbmuz0Gw	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	1	WARNING!!!   DISHONEST  !!!  - BILLED INSURANCE FOR EXCESSIVE, UNNECESSARY & UNWANTED SERVICES. - UNWILLING TO CORRECT AFTER NOTIFIED THAT BCBS FRAUD & ABUSE WOULD BE INFORMED.  -  - I *had been* a regular patient of Dr. E Griffin Cipolla DO for well over 10 years, even continuing to keep him as my doctor after moving out of Central Phoenix -- traveling all the way from Arrowhead to 3rd Street and Thomas to see him.  -   - Well, apparently that kind of relationship means nothing to this doctor.  -  - For $47 from me the patient, and much more $ from the insurance company, he chose to lose a longtime patient and have a Fraud and Abuse investigation into his billing practices requested by me, through Blue Cross.  -  - I am not simply some 'angry patient that was unhappy with my bill'. I have worked in the medical insurance claims industry since 1995.  This 12 + years of highly detailed work has given me a wide array of knowledge and experience into many aspects of medical insurance, including the billing and processing of claims, quality assurance auditing of claims processors, investigations into incorrectly billed or paid claims working with the state of Arizona AHCCCS Medicaid guidelines, and analyzing data and producing reports about claim processing for the government contracted health insurance provider for the entire Western half of the United States.  -  - I am not trying to brag, but simply laying down my credentials for knowledge that this was fraudulent or incorrect dishonest padding of the bill by the doctor. The billing staff and doctor himself were given multiple opportunities to correct their dishonest billing as a "mistake" and rebill the insurance company appropriately.  -  - Instead, the doctor is trying to blame me, the patient, in a feeble attempt to "cover his assets" after the fact. I immediately recognized what had happened, however, it is not likely that the average patient would have taken notice.  -  - DETAILS: I called and made an appointment for an annual well visit with blood work, such as cholesterol test. I advised them I would be bringing a preprinted form that the company uses, listing needed tests, to be filled out by them and faxed directly to the wellness company.  When I arrived at the office I informed them that I did not have the Wellness form with me, but would fax it to their office that afternoon when I got back to work. I specifically said that they should take the blood sample, however not to perform any tests or send it out to the lab until they knew what procedures needed to be performed.  I also informed them that I was in the office two years ago to have these tests done, so in my file they would have a copy of the form for reference, but to wait for the new form, in case there were any updates or changes to it.   -  - I saw the doctor. He took the blood samples. I left the office after checking with the outgoing receptionist; even though she said that co pays were due at the time of service, I informed her that the insurance covers preventative visits at 100% percent so no copay. As promised, I faxed the Wellness form to the office later that same day.  -  - When I received bill from the laboratory it contained DOZENS of service lines for over $1,000 worth of billed services. I received yet another bill from the doctor's office itself.  Note that my wife had seen another doctor with the same wellness form. Her laboratory bill contained FOUR service lines, one of which was not even a test but simply stood for the needle stick. This covered the entirety of the services needed to be performed according to the Wellness paperwork. Needless to say her bill was also significantly lower in dollar amount.  -  - My Well Exam office visit was billed as what is called an Evaluation & Management procedure code, as opposed to a PREVENTATIVE medicine procedure code, even with no illness to diagnose, evaluate, or manage. The excessive services billed were not simply spacing out & billing alacarte for something that should have been billed as a package, either. There were also several strange tests billed that I didn't request (syphilis test for example).  -  - I contacted the doctors billing representative and was informed that the visit I had was not a usual preventative visit -- I had only called and requested blood work, supposedly, so the doctor perform a so-called standard set of tests that he usually performs. I inquired about the form that I'd faxed, asking why they did not follow the listed procedures on that form. The billing representative claimed that I had not asked for a preventative visit, nor did I mention anything about the form at the time of my visit, according to her. I advised that I was not the type of patient that would be making a mistake in this area, and that I would have to follow up with BCBS, yet I would still give them a chance to submit a corrected bill to BCBS.  -  - To summarize, the doctor was consulted and will NOT change the bill. In my professional experience & opinion this is FRAUDULENT.	2013-04-13	5	2	11
kwkZMcs7jIVOCHj-PK3Crg	4GQhbPvGU5r23YdVm8EmkQ	pLO4JmiEo7Gz3rtUYg2xvw	1	I agreed to edit my review if my dispute with Ferraro's restaurant was solved so here it goes. My dispute with Ferraro's restaurant in Las Vegas was on a charge of $400 for cancelling a reservation less than 48 hours before the time we were to be there. After lodging 3 disputes with my credit card company and finally having to have American Express' Advocacy Department call Ferraro's twice they issued an initial credit for $25 and later a credit for $125 (after the second call) for a total of $150. I have to give kudos to American Express for pursuing the issue, but mostly for making up the difference and crediting my account for the additional $250. That is why I have used American Express as my main card for over 30 years.	2009-04-17	0	0	4
kGr4T_nD5Ibtg9IBL727zg	2e2e7WgqU1BnpxmQL5jbfw	M-PMQVqUR-B3ZorwEQMrPA	5	OMG this place is beyond the fabulous of the stars!!! Seriously! Words cannot explain the awesome goodness that comes out of this place. Actually, I guess I should say the line speaks for itself. Don't let the line discourage you, it's actually not too bad. But the sandwiches are oh so yummy!! -  - Actually, the first time I had a sandwich from here, I wasn't actually there. I had just landed in Vegas and went and partied up a bit and went back to my room at the Elara. My partner was hungry and told me that they would be back. I was like what is open at this time of night. Are you gonna catch a cab? Wait, they said. No sooner had I removed my makeup and dressed into the comfy clothes, back they were with the sandwiches. It was still warm. I bit into it and was in heaven. Or as close as I could get to heaven while being in Las Vegas! At the time, I attributed the satisfaction to all day travel and some great drank. Boy, was I wrong. -  - Couple of days later, the partner wanted to place some bets at the sports book and asked if I wanted to grab some sandwiches to watch the game. I said sure, so I stood in line and got the sandwiches while they placed the bets. When we got settled back in the room, I took a bite of my sandwich and was so wowed! So they are as good when I'm sober AND drunk! That happens rarely, so I was just awed!! -  - When we finally had to leave Las Vegas for home, we grabbed some sandwiches to eat while we wait for security at the airport. So convenient that this place is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Makes going home a little bit more bearable. Ok, that's a lie, but the sandwiches are very tasty and easy to eat with all your luggage your lugging around. -  - I would like to say I've tried most of the sandwiches. And so far, every time we've stayed at the Elara http://www.yelp.com/biz/elara-a-hilton-grand-vacations-hotel-las-vegas#hrid:NPjBgidFouwIPjezynmpgg we've gotten sandwiches from here and they've all been yummers. I definitely recommend Earl of Sandwich!!	2013-11-28	14	12	15
ZMOtmH9nQe7MZnNGjhTvLQ	Xhg93cMdemu5pAMkDoEdtQ	BAjCPmDeN-922sxUuUufhg	2	I was craving a good old-fashioned ice cream parlor sundae, so when we came upon Serendipity, I was excited. Unfortunately, the ($14, mind you) sundae was a COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT. In all honesty, a small Dairy Queen sundae comes with more hot fudge than this monstrosity. All it was, was some mediocre ice cream with a ton of half-melted whipped cream oozing off of it to make it look appealing. The burger was good, but next time we'd go to the burger place right next door at Caesar's. Maybe the frozen hot chocolate would have been better, but I don't think we'll go back to find out. My husband didn't care for his strawberry milkshake either.	2011-05-23	0	0	0
5W7jOdFmeb8ap0aEdD1Cow	Y2BXS2OOrlMSYfS5xdjtmw	NjcyUo7zShTYnrUI1N4HLQ	5	Dangerously delicious. Their macaroons are so rich, yet light at the same time. The last time I was there, I managed to eat three salted butter and caramel macaroons before I turned on my car... So. Good. And probably going straight to my hips!! Oh well, life is too short not to eat delightful pastries! And the prices are really reasonable! Go try! You won't be sorry! Your big butt might... But whatever. She'll get over it.	2013-10-11	0	0	0
Z7X_dVeAm1ccZbh_mr5PEA	kSTs0hYF0tFsiGj7aiMDYA	j7YHnbehgssP2F9kpaPS9w	5	So I managed to get my a** to my local Walmart and picked up the recommended shampoo and conditioner which was Loreal Sulphate-Free and depending of course on what you like (me: Smooth and Sleek) you pick out from that line.  Keep in mind, this was a recommendation from Angela, as I had lamented to her about the sorry state of my hair due to the dryness of Arizona weather. -  - Can you say winner, winner?  My hair has never been this manageable, and I have never been this unfrizzy when I wake up in the mornings.  Woohoo!!  Give it a try if you have the same problem as me (transposed and hair-disposed) and I promise you won't regret it... Thanks, Angela dear!!	2014-01-13	0	0	1
JS0VTflI9X1VMyHhLgGoCA	gnezwnCcfQLeu82hV6duHg	W7Zlyvl_ZZmgkDbJaYPMMA	3	Everything here is super cute. I really do love the way everything looks and I've bought stuff from here on many occasions.  The only problem is everything is really cheap.  Yes it's cheap dollar wise but it's also cheap product wise.  The blouse I bought started snagging within a couple washes, the hat fell apart, the scarf fell apart, it all fell apart.  Even items my friend bought like her eyeglasses, her bracelets, and her hair bands all fell apart.  The glue last for a couple wears before stuff falls off, and things just break easily.	2014-04-19	0	0	0
u5Aa-a6mfylUH1U2_9-6MQ	Fh6OndE60vzvyhCX1Wg7Aw	9yyOm0M0e0UAICGzXZLCmA	5	I eat here all the time... not only do I think this particular establishment is fun and hip, I think this company is one of the most amazing slices of americana...  - At this place you can gaze upon the adjacent empty McDonald's parking lot. while this place is filled with hustle and bustle.  - The food is classic In-n-Out... delicious and cheap!  - Keep it up In-N-Out!	2013-02-23	0	0	0
-9ATM3_dAwa2288vFCZnQQ	sL4n5lhxqoZ5l0d8gwIPyA	7cR92zkDv4W3kqzii6axvg	5	I've been three times now, and they have not lost steam. -  - Last night I enjoyed several glasses of the Lips of Faith Pluot (I had a designated driver), and I got to sample a new brew, but the name escapes me. -  - Our server, Nya (pronounced knee uh) was excellent, and very attendant. -  - We ordered the crab dip, the lumpia, and the BBQ sticks. -  - Nya brought some pretzel bread, and explained that the first lumpia order had been burned, so this should tide us over. It was very nice, and the honey butter was delicious! -  - The BBQ sticks were amazing; tender, flavorful, delicious! - The lumpia was also great, but the sauce it's served with was fantastic! -  - This is definitely a great establishment, and Candy is a wonderful person, unafraid to come out and speak with her customers. -  - I will absolutely be returning.	2013-07-25	0	0	1
ibjqFHCyWmIw97TyzYi3kQ	M2SjLXsuAy5RNKwxaA5E1g	61HRMKC0sxwrpw_OUltiGg	4	The bf wanted to see Bad Brains in the worst way and much to his surprise they were playing at House of Blues last night. Hooray! According to him this was a rare treat (I guess they were only playing 3 dates in the US).  -  - The tickets were cheap and because we were locals (with local ID) we got the service charge waived and some sort of VIP drink pass which gave us discounted well drinks, house wine and domestic beers. The box office staff were friendly and quite helpful.  -  - On the day of the show there was no line to get in, the bouncers were pleasant (that's kinda rare in Vegas...maybe because I am a girl). There were a bunch of people standing to the side smoking (since I last came here they made everyone go out into the casino to smoke...kinda weird). -  - We roll up to the bar and they had big boy cans of beer. We wanted PBR but they were out so we opted for Miller Lite. With our cool discount band we got 2 for $12. That isn't horrible by Vegas standards Sam, the bartender, was awesome and sweet. Totally made us feel at home (well as best as he could considering the music was loud and the crowd was rowdy). -  - Overall we had a blast at the show and I didn't even feel old (I was probably the average). Plus...there were not too many skeezy guys trying to scam on girls...hooray! Will be back if there is another band that we want to see.	2011-04-22	3	3	4
4Bs3vSyy_NMg7nnwqLkXCw	xLCbkTYQaP-nij6mEfaw7A	n_lAaNGeWgspbbCJc0DqRg	4	I don't care what my mom thinks, I LIKE the way this place smells. -  - Bookman's hosted a Dog Days of Summer event this past weekend, which was really a non-event, as far as I was able to see, but it was still Bookman's and they're super cool even when nothing special is going on.  Their raffle ticket announcements were unintelligible and I had to ask around to find out how to even get a ticket.  The free ice cream from Blue Bell was apparently packed up and taken away within less than the first hour of the event which went from 1-4pm.  There was also a loosely organized craft class in the back room for the kids, and a table set up near the media area that had pet-oriented books pulled aside into a convenient grouping.   I only found one worth having this time, a book about hiking and camping with your dog. -  - A maze of shelves full of musty treasures and excercise equipment for your imagination is sure to provide some pleasure for everyone, as it kept me and my K9 companion Jaek occupied for well over an hour.  i'd never known I could bring my mutt inside, and the staff were all friendly and accomodating, but bookman's being dog friendly was apparently news to some of the other patrons, as well, since they looked a little shocked by us and the handful of other pet/owner couples present.   Open note to other pet owners, if your canine friend has some dog-aggression issues, putting a harness and a "Don't Pet Me I'm Working" patch on it will not trick anyone into thinking your buddy's a Trained Therapy/Assistance Dog.  No problem with you trying to take your dog places, but just saying work on its social skills a little first. -  - I knew I was a fan of Bookman's, but recently perusing their website has reminded me just what an awesome local, socially responsible company Bookman's is.  They are a model of the whole Reduce and Reuse before Recycling philosophy, and they walk the talk, too, it's not a marketing ploy like some companies try. -  - Bookman's kicks butt.  Even if my Mom thinks it's stinky.	2009-07-27	5	4	6
jIl6DcNkSYsFzaqeWxkeGA	CMdNwkfXQanQ3asGkNTFIA	Uz7KmdC7YDkWPNQUrGy4pg	5	Professional, warm and caring doctor. I'll be going back to see Dr. Quan again whenever I am in Vegas. =)	2013-04-03	0	0	0
7PljNYWZK4R87BlGTjEnEw	4bEjOyTaDG24SY5TxsaUNQ	oYb_8QzvE5XZQEVY_T3fHw	5	If you have read my other reviews of the two other resturaunts at this scale, this by far was our favorite!!  We didn't have reservation, but it was later in the night, so no problem getting in.  We were seated outside and though it was cold, the gas heaters make it nice and toasty and off cam the jacket!! -  - We started with the Smoked Salmon.  We stacked the salmon on the brioche topped with creme fraiche and capers and we were in heaven. -  - We then ordered the Ribeye with Sauteed Mushrooms and the special, Bacon wrapped Pork Tenderloin.  Both were out of the world!!   No gristle to be found on the ribeye, bacon was thick and smokey, and the mushrooms melted in our mouths. -  - If only their music could coordinate with the Bellagio fountain or at least they could turn it down.	2013-02-27	0	0	0
iHyz8tzd6cVF3PXhH6Q_8Q	eLPld7Q17XxlclFGzZQX5g	hrYTy0jHjEV_Ywkuyhn_7g	5	If you want AYCE sushi done right, this is bar-none my favorite AYCE sushi establishment in Las Vegas (Pending if Kan-Pai ever goes back to AYCE). -  - I know this place has hundreds of reviews, so of course it was going to be busy when my girlfriend and I arrived at 6pm on Valentines Day.  It was only a 15 minute wait which went by pretty fast and we were seated. -  - Within 1 minute of seating our server asked us for a drink and an order.  None of that "wait 5 minutes to get a drink, gives drink then walks away, comes back 3 minutes later to get an order".  She was on the ball.  I ordered the Roger Roger! roll and some unagi. -  - 3 minutes later our first 2 rolls were being served.  I just couldn't believe it.  So...Fucking...Fast.  It turns out that this was the theme, whenever a roll was ordered, within 3 minutes at most they would bring back our order. -  - A+ on the staff for everything.  There had to have been a dozen wait-staff buzzing around such a small area, but they were on the ball. -  - I did not have a single problem with any of rolls I ate, the Unagi was great and the Roger Roger! Roll will be my go-to choice in my future visits to Yama Sushi. As for desert I had some mango mochi and red bean ice cream.  It's impossible to do red bean wrong.  And I guess we didn't let the mochi thaw out since my gf and I both took a bite into it and it was hard as a rock...whoops! -  - I wasn't a fan of the miso soup, then again I am not gonna knock them for that since only Naked Fish does miso soup correctly to my knowledge. -  - Despite it being packed and somewhat crammed, it was definitely an enjoyable experience. -  - Believe in the hype...BELIEVE!!!! -  - PS: I'm a sucker for garlic ponzu sauce, any place that has that in winnar! -  - #99problemsbutAYCEsushiaintone - #BelieveTheHype	2012-02-18	2	1	1
iN4J3m0UDVGTisavzMTqEg	NdWepl0uhdzWDLANul0Uqg	tb3sByk7StMqeU2cIS5-Qw	5	This store is the biggest Forever 21 in the world and is department store sized.  The store is 2 story and split into sections by category and/or individual line.  There's something for every style and it even has men's and kid's section.  Forever 21 has so many great lines that it's nearly impossible to not find what you're looking for, especially in this ENORMOUS megastore! -  - Yes, it will take you a wee bit longer to look around at everything, but I guarantee you won't leave the store empty handed.	2010-08-03	0	0	0
oXtdViFS6AhdDxxhUCjE9A	-sC66z4SO3tR7nFCjfQwuQ	ENCky0t5RuXVOEn9mxbRTw	4	Love the tacos here which are at a great price especially during happy hour. - Just wish the service was a little better!	2013-04-16	0	0	0
F8tOVSZhlFMA33pIuFszVQ	pwpl-rxwNRQdgqFz_-qMPg	E679YrWlyTpvkOBDhAssIg	5	Did you see my picture of the mozz salad? THEY MADE A BOWL OUT OF PROSCIUTTO. Life cannot get better. I've been here 4-5 times. I always love it. I love their basil gimlet. And now, I love this salad. Such a guilty pleasure.	2014-02-03	1	0	1
